Canada: a screw in a foot, an election and a man who will set himself on fire | SO IT GOES - John Fleming's blog 

Canada: a screw in a foot, an election and a man who will set himself on fire | SO IT GOES - John Fleming's blog






SO IT GOES – John Fleming's blog



Skip to content
Home
About me
FACEBOOK
TWITTER
GOOGLE+
Links
 










← Nudity among the English, the East Germans, art colleges and comedians
Performance artist The Iceman – now as successful as Van Gogh in his lifetime →




		November 16, 2014 · 7:48 am	
↓ Jump to Comments
Canada: a screw in a foot, an election and a man who will set himself on fire

The latest dispatch from this blog’s occasional Canadian correspondent Anna Smith has arrived. 
Her early-morning report from Vancouver goes like this…

Australian Don Bradman holds a cricket bat
I am not usually up at this hour without having attempted to go to sleep. But I was on the phone for almost three hours with a lady named Cricket. I have known her off and on since I was eleven. She has always been a fantastic story teller and my life seems watery and pale by comparison. She lived in Willesden Green in London as a child, with her grandmother who was a lesbian nun from Slave Lake.
It has been a very long and confusing day. I thought the Koreans in the coffee shop were asking me to dress up a dolphin and punish them.
Sorry, that should read  “dress up as A dolphin”. I hope that clears things up.
Coffee is a dangerous drug when combined with a sleeping disorder. The building manager is in the hallway now. He is from Heathrow in West London, but he doles out dire Cockney-toned nuggets to the neighbours like: “WELL, THEY BETTER GET USED TO IT!”
Anna Smith retouched her nose
I attach a thirty-year-old photo of myself taken during my black bottom serving maiden era, when I was trying to be a serious actress.
I retouched myself.
That is just correction fluid on my nose to conceal a brown stain on the photocopy; nothing to do with the police, drugs or the French… The original is long lost like my original aorta. I am pleased to report that my fake aorta is made of Dacron. When the surgeon told me he was going to put in a Dacron hose I was elated. The only thing I knew about Dacron was that they make sails out of it, so I knew it was strong and could prove to be invaluable in case of a marine emergency.
None of me is insured for anything, not even the  stainless steel screws (with washers) which I have in my arm. I want everyone to know that in case I am dead. They are in my right humerus. They could save your life.
One time, I was carrying something heavy and I stepped on a large screw. It screwed my cheap basketball shoe on to my heel bone. When I got to emergency at St.Paul’s Hospital in Vancouver again – where I have been revived countless times – the nurses joked: “Now you really ARE wearing spiked heels”.
Out-of-focus photo of Anna’s feet: she is not sure which was screwed
When the doctor saw my foot, he was not sure what to do. He had not dealt with this exact problem before. So he sent me to X-ray.  They had to call the maintenance department, who sent up a man with a screwdriver. The doctor grimaced a bit but managed to unscrew me. I do not remember which foot that was.
I went to vote in the municipal election yesterday. There was a plethora of trans gender women to choose from on the ballot paper, but I only chose two – one for mayor and one for the Parks Board.
Elections can be interesting.
Just north of Vancouver on the Sea-to-Sky Highway is the district municipality of Squamish. Stunt man Peter Kent lives there. He has vowed to set himself on fire if the voter turnout is higher in this election than it was in the last. He says that Squamish has been good to him and he wants to give back to the city and encourage young people to vote.  He won a seat on the council yesterday, but the turnout has not yet been totaled so the CBC has not yet decided whether to send a camera crew to film him.
He said that setting himself on fire is no big deal as he does it all the time.
Socially responsible citizens line up in a Vancouver gym to vote in yesterday’s election. Anna says: “I was told by a polite, pregnant officer that I was not allowed to take this photo.”
Once I spent a long time on Vancouver Island.
When I returned to the mainland there was a civic election and I did not have a clue who to vote for.
So I asked my neighbour Tom, a retired librarian draft dodger anarchist hippie from Detroit, who HE was going to vote for. Tom reads a lot and is really politically informed. I agree with him on most  issues.
He said he was voting for one guy because he wanted to put in more bicycle paths. He named another man he was voting for because the guy would ban genetically modified seeds from local farms. Then he named a woman. He said she was the first woman to fuck him when he had arrived in Canada during the Vietnam War. So he was voting for her.
I did not – still don’t – know what the lady looks like. But Tom looks fine. He dresses a bit strangely – black leggings, a pink toque – but he has agile movement, sharp eyes and lives on a sailboat in the shipyard.
I thought to myself: Anyone who fucked Tom definitely deserves my vote.
So I voted as Tom recommended.
It seemed the right thing to do.
PLEASE SHARE THIS BLOG VIA:Share on TumblrPocketEmailLike this:Like Loading...

Related
 

Leave a comment
Filed under Canada, Eccentrics, Humor, Humour, Surreal
Tagged as Canada, eccentrics, elections, humor, humour, political, surrealism, Vancouver



← Nudity among the English, the East Germans, art colleges and comedians
Performance artist The Iceman – now as successful as Van Gogh in his lifetime →



Leave a Reply Cancel reply




Enter your comment here...




Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in:





























 
 


Email (required) (Address never made public)



Name (required)



Website














 You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change )












 You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change )












 You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change )












 You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change )




Cancel
Connecting to %s




 Notify me of new comments via email.







 







This blog's statistics 
861,807 hits

Subscribe...

Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.







 


Contact me direct...john@thejohnfleming.comSearch these blogs…

Search for:



  Recent Posts 

A newspaper mystery & Britain in 1950


Why comedian Lewis Schaffer may have been sacked from so many ‘real’ jobs


Critic Kate Copstick on what makes a good Edinburgh Fringe comedy show and how to get reviewed by her (maybe)


Two comedy performers to have fairytale marriage in Disneyland


3 tips for podcasting and broadcasting


‘Sick Girl’ Mel Moon Dicing with Dr Death for Edinburgh Fringe Comedy


Award-nominated Nelly Scott and Zuma Puma and the Grumpy Lettuce series


A blog about dreaming a dream about writing this blog on dreaming dreams


Police corruption according to a Grouchy Club comedy critic & a blogger


Kate Copstick on UK comedy’s jihadists, sexism & why an ITV show failed badly


Actress Amanda Fleming: Hollywood reality and dreams of Gothic nightmares


A little-remembered part of social history involving porn cinemas


Juliette Burton: the writer-performer who can make psychosis hilarious


Is Alexander Bennett a cock, the Devil or “witty, weird and dark” (Harry Hill)


“I just ran out of the boat because I thought there was an earthquake”


Serious comedy – Why this blog was mentioned in an academic bibliography


An actress: delicious, dateless, banned


A comedy performer, an entrepreneur and a desperate blogger talk about sex


Lindsay Sharman, baptised with a head hunter, is writing a play for Edinburgh


Comedy’s Captain Beefheart Twonkey ruminates on robot arms and replicants


Comedian Malcolm Hardee, The Krays and The Richardsons and a film director


How comedian Malcolm Hardee lost his virginity & then got stabbed in the back


Show celebrated 10th anniversary of comedian Malcolm Hardee’s death


A Brazilian computer turns my Tweets into poetry… after a fashion. Maybe.


My dream of Ben Elton in a gas mask and the reality of severed feet in boots


And does that sardonic Mills walk upon England’s mountains green? Well, yes.


Is this why the British government does not like amiable Scots comic Del Strain?


Are North Korean cyber attacks now targeting fringe comedy acts?


Live forest sex in Canada amid massage parlours and marijuana plantations


Why Bob Slayer did not see the famed Norwegian sex act in 2004. Honest.


The sperm whale which exploded today


As flu abates, Canada appears


The drain in brain is mainly in the plain


Modern art is a pretentious load of pseudo-intellectual twaddle + a woman


British political party promises 15% off phone bills for people who stutter


Luisa Omielan, the million quid woman, on touring comedy without a boyfriend


How do you win an increasingly prestigious Cunning Stunt Award?


Last night I remember I dreamt of several dead British television stations


Kate Cook – Potential Lady Macbeth with a pipe and an invisible wooden leg


In Paul Boyd’s wonderful Molly Wobbly musical, one Tit has been chopped off


William Shatner becomes matchmaker for Janey Godley’s daughter + goat foam


The practicalities of putting your head in a gas oven: my 2nd suicide attempt


Kevin James Moore: Stand-up comedy, books, drugs, creativity, mental health.


Mad Moslem terrorists and a bizarre reaction by the Apple Store in Paris


Comics Malcolm Hardee & Martin Soan adrift in an era before the iPhone


Reported death of Brian Clemens


My worldwide blog statistics


Comedy critic Kate Copstick on what she likes and giving 1 & 2-star reviews


Comedian Lewis Schaffer gets serious about madness, his mother and himself


English Elf Lyons on her duck flu, Barbarella and a dog in a gimp suit


Older blog posts… 
Select Month
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 March 2013 
 February 2013 
 January 2013 
 December 2012 
 November 2012 
 October 2012 
 September 2012 
 August 2012 
 July 2012 
 June 2012 
 May 2012 
 April 2012 
 March 2012 
 February 2012 
 January 2012 
 December 2011 
 November 2011 
 October 2011 
 September 2011 
 August 2011 
 July 2011 
 June 2011 
 May 2011 
 April 2011 
 March 2011 
 February 2011 
 January 2011 
 December 2010 
 November 2010 
 October 2010 
 September 2010 
 August 2010 
 July 2010 
 June 2010 
 May 2010 

The blogs are also on 


 





SO IT GOES – John Fleming's blog · John Fleming’s daily blog: human interest, humour, humor, comedy blog featuring eccentricity, performance, movies and occasionally a few tears				

Blog at WordPress.com.
					·
					The Pilcrow Theme.				














Follow

Follow “SO IT GOES - John Fleming's blog”

Get every new post delivered to your Inbox.

Join 432 other followers








Build a website with WordPress.com






 
 


Send to Email Address

Your Name

Your Email Address




Cancel

				Post was not sent - check your email addresses!			

				Email check failed, please try again			

				Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.			



%d bloggers like this:









