As I See It: Election Day & the Importance of Voting 
As I See It: Election Day & the Importance of Voting


 











 





 

 

Skip to content
Home
About

About Northend Agent’s


Contact
Submission Guidelines
Advertise

Advertise with NEA


 



 

  
 


 Commentary As I See It: Election Day & the Importance of Voting

As I See It: Election Day & the Importance of Voting

 NorthendA •October 23, 2014Commentary, Connecticut, Elections, Hartford, Politics 

Guest commentary by Rev. Stephen W. Camp, Senior Pastor, Faith Congregational Church, Hartford 
faithmatterstoday.org
 
This is Your Wake Up Call…!
This November promises to be an election time vital for our community and for the future of Hartford. Every eligible citizen should register and should go and vote. Consider this, your wake up call!
There is really no excuse to skip the vote this year. With so many across the country wanting to vote but because of the obvious voter suppression in many states will not be able to, or may be denied an opportunity to do so. But we in Connecticut ought to vote, given the ease in our state to be able to vote, if only to send a message to the rest of the country that voting is a right for all of us as citizens, not a privileged ensured for some.
If you do not think your vote is important or does not matter, then I say, think again. Gun laws are hanging in the balance in this election. Jobs and minority contracts are in the balance, along with reentry programs for those returning from our prison system will be in the balance of this vote. Access to quality health care remains important. How we educate our children and treat women’s health issues will be in the balance of this election. It is about personalities, but more so about you and me. We are in the balance in this election, as we choose who will represent us in varied offices of influence and as the elected people govern vital aspects of our lives
If that is not enough reason to vote, those who are but an echo from the history of civil rights in our nation encourage us to vote as well. Can you not hear Fannie Lou, Hammer, Shirley Chisholm, or Rosa Parks reminding us how important it is to vote? Or those who have fought and died, like Goodman, Schwerner and Chaney, or Martin Luther King, Jr. calling us to the polls.
Your vote can make a huge difference in this upcoming election. Some want you to stay home, to sit this one out. But your vote is power and a power that desperately needs to be exercised for our community that is in such great need.
Go to the polls, this November. If you can, take someone with you. Do what you can to make sure that our community is counted on this Election Day. Do it as a historic act for our community. Do it because this is your time to make history. This single act that only takes a short few moments out of your day will make all of us better. Do it, if for no other reason, because you have the right to vote and to have your voice heard through the ballot box. You and I have great power in our democracy and it is called voting. Don’t just turn the alarm clock off on Election Day, get up and out, go and vote! You will feel good about yourself and your community will feel good about you.
Like this:Like Loading...

Related
 

  connecticut, Election Day, Hartford Connecticut, Voting.  Bookmark. 


 Connecticut 2014 Ballots Now Viewable Online
How the U.S. Media Stokes Ebola Virus Misinformation & Fear 







Find us on FacebookFollow NEA on TwitterMy Tweets 



 





Contact Us Northend Agent’s LLC
Mailing: P.O. Box 2308
Hartford, CT 06146-2308
Office: 150 Trumbull Street, 4th FL
Hartford, CT 06103-2308
(860) 478.5514
Advertising: yallen@northendagents.com
Editorial:yallen@northendagents.com
Yolanda Allen:yallen@northendagents.com

 




 © Northend Agent's 2012-2014 All Rights Reserved 
	Powered by Tempera &   WordPress.		




















%d bloggers like this:



