Indian Elections 2014 A Hindu Revolution: Like The Iranians What Made The Hindus Seek a Revolution? 
Indian Elections 2014 A Hindu Revolution: Like The Iranians What Made The Hindus Seek a Revolution?






















SOUTH ASIA








‘Knowledge is power’












Indian Elections 2014 - A Hindu Revolution: What Made the 
Hindus Seek a Revolution, like the Iranians?


WOMEN & SOCIETY


British Parliament's Decision 
Not To Attack Syria: Wrong 
Timing? Wrong Decision?


The Syrian Problem And 
How To Solve It


MIDDLE EAST


INTERNET


World’s
encyclopedic
knowledge
compacted
in
your 
hand








PHILOSOPHICAL
QUESTIONS



1 2  


(BJP/Modi won the Indian elections 2014. Though the global philosophers haven't said so, in a 3-part series this author 
argues that the change is a Hindu Revolution. While the first part argued why it was a Hindu Revolution (HR), 
strengthening the case this second part argues why the Hindus felt that the HR was necessary. The yet to be 
published third part will argue, whether the world needs to fear the revolution, like the Iranian Islamic Revolution)
No Dictator to Revolt Against
Using the 2014 election and gaining power after almost a 
millennium, Hindus did have a Revolution (HR), like by the 
Muslims in Iran. But why was there a need for a revolution? 
For a start, unlike Iran, India did not have a Shah-like dictator or 
even a Savak-like torturing agency.
The Past Wasn't All Bad
Yes, India had a series of 'alien' rule by the Muslims, the British, 
the socialists and then by globalisation. But then, not all was bad. 
True, the Muslims even managed to rule for several centuries, but 
then, unlike Egypt and Iran that had their religions wiped out 
shortly after their conquest by the Muslims, India still remains a 
majority Hindu state. Muslims are, in fact, baffled by this unusual 
failure or the 
exception that compels their missionaries today to finish 
the unfinished job. Although both Hindus and the 
National Geographic agree on India being uniquely 
protected by mountain ranges, desert and the seas, and the 
former even adds a 'blessed land' - like Israel for the Jews 
- the enigma is mostly explained by Islam's Hanafi school 
of thought that did the trick. By letting Hindus qualify as 
jizya tax paying dhimmis, and the collected cash filling 
the ruler's coffers, it has helped save India.
This resistance still gives pride to the Hindus.
Furthermore, unlike the Brits, they took India as their 
homeland and therefore almost retained India's GDP. 
Though they destroyed constructs, the monuments left by 
them are treasured by all today. Unless P N Oak is right, 
the world famous symbol of love, the Taj Mahal, forms 
the crown jewel. While their contribution to the Indian classical music is well known, the less known translation of Hindu 
text to Persian aided knowledge in Persia.
Indeed the Brits ruled as foreigners and reduced its GDP, but unlike the Muslims they gobbled up only 1-2% of Indians as 
Christians. While their railways gives a good feeling to most Indians, the given English language gives pride to its elite. 
Being an international language that has merged with globalisation, while the entrepreneurs and job seekers cherish that 
language, qualifying for international prize and sales, writers go ecstatic. Though they burnt books, they also made Hindu 
literature available to the international audience. While Buddha enlightened all spiritually, removing his birth place enigma, 
they enlightened all in a mundane way.
Indeed, India got vivisected on religious grounds into Hindu India and Muslim Pakistan, during partition. But, as if tracing 
Bollywood copying Hollywood plots, it copied the British constitution. Its written form, unlike in the UK, was even 
'bragged' about.
The Turn of the Socialists:
Although the, 'I am the last British ruler of India' saying man couldn't resist the lure of 'From Russia with Love' and ditched 
the West for the then USSR that heralded a socialist rule in India, it matched the West's struggle against religion. In so 
doing, while less virulent Indian communists became ecstatic, socialist scribes turned the 4th pillar into a free socialist 
media (not today's social media) and congressmen just followed the idolised chacha, its minorities just felt contended with 
their special minority rights. In addition, his showing teeth as the Non 
Aligned Movement (NAM) even brought prestige to him and to the nation. 
It's not that the Hindus didn’t get anything, they got the Hindu ways in the 
state ceremonies. Like the non-biting NAM, they were 'non-opposing' 
anyway.
And when the seemingly innocuous daughter Indira's turn came to warm 
the hearts of the ones in the North Pole, India even became officially 
socialist and secular. With this ascent from de-facto to de-jure, its 
modernity beat countries like UK with de-facto secular alone. In effect, 
while communist Russia became ecstatic, freedom seeking scribes felt free 
from the divine clutch. As amazingly as deer not fearing the tiger, 
minorities preferred a godless secular state than a Hindu one. Their glee 
was almost more than that of the atheists. But then, as if contented with 
the continued Hindu ways in the government and secular meaning 'Respect 
of All Faiths', passive Hindus just remained passive. Seemingly modern 
and western, the acceptance was such that the new mantra - 'We are a 
secular nation' - easily beat the Gayatri, and became the most quoted 
mantra. One stroke of a pen suddenly changed the nation's ethos.
All accepted the power of democracy that aided the smooth transition of 
power. Under it, people could fire and hire their PM, as they did to Indira 
Gandhi after the Emergency. Almost more than in the West, free scribes 
could challenge the Supreme Court, disregard copyrights and even publish 
concocted stories. With the Saraswati river descending from mythology to 
history, Dwarika climbing up from the deep sea and one gene theory 
emerging to demolish two gene theory of the Aryans coming from outside, 
even Hindus seemed to show a grin.
While quoting from books of their experts and philosophers made the West glad, receiving prizes from English literary 
world made the Indians go gaga. A man even said in broken English, 'Brits came too late and left too early'.
The Turn of Globalisation
Impenetrable to the Muslim and the Christian onslaughts earlier, India fully let globalization penetrate itself. That changed 
India as never before. Getting gadgets, the Net, English-aided highly paid jobs (beyond parental imagination) and social 
and sexual freedom, it was the youth's turn to be happy. Cash flow from entrepreneurs, and UK's NHS and USA's cyber 
city, helped.
Moreover, with God vanishing from the national ethos, and as expected, that secularism descending from state to homes, 
He gradually disappeared from ordinary homes too. Yes, even the homes of the minorities! With this, the idea of many lives 
got reduced to 'one life' of the Semites and then to that of the atheists.
With the afterlife bliss thus gone with the wind, fear of hellfire extinguished and money filling the void as a neo-God, (It 
even brought respect, irrespective of the means), bliss was to be found through money here. Irrespective of what Adi 
Sankaracharya said, this life was real and had to be enjoyed. To miss the bliss coming out of the cash, gadgets and the 
opposite sex was foolish. Suddenly a new mantra emerged - 'Life is short and single, therefore enjoy'. It almost competed 
with the mantra of secularism.
With the dream worlds - Bollywood, media and the PC/mobile porn - converting beauty to sexy and bliss of love to bliss of 
body for both sexes, joy was easy. For cash couldn't buy love, it could buy the body. Hedonism, therefore, skyrocketed in 
the cities.
Being chanced than planned, the 'can have sex, but with a condom' teaching translated into condom-less, even pill-less sex. 
But then, with mums organising the ways for abortions and STDs, virginity not demanded by future spouses, and the whole 
thing being part of the respected 'exploring of sexuality', even city girls never had such good time before. The seeking of 
joy was never so free from consequences.
Adults weren't less. Airing 'Bedroom isn't the business of the state', women's desire did a “two to tango” to the triad of 
masculine desires - look, feel and penetrate. While skyrocketing pre-marital sex offered bliss to the singles, adultery and 
consensual swap offered it to the married. And those who didn't go for the full Monty - look, feel and penetrate- got their 
two of the three joys in the Bollywood aided conversion of the Namaskar to hugs. Worldly success mattering more; while 
own tuition fee and fashion made college girls get their cash in hotels, sibling's tuition made housewives try the easy way. 
And housewives who escaped all that got glued to soaps full of repeat marriages/affairs. With free sex symbolising 
modernity, and Indians calling West immoral ever since they saw Brits dancing with other's spouses, an Australian blogger's 
'Indians are more immoral' made them now look more modern than the West.
With God not quite dead - whatever Nietzsche might have said - but still having a self half-life till the next generation, 
almost like the cattle of the agricultural revolution, even He was being tamed. It's so because secularism had hit ordinary 
homes, but faith-homes still claimed 'virgin territories'. With Him remaining blissful with the seeking of forgiveness and 
holy place donations that mitigated secular sins, piety got paired with the latter. In fact, with secrecy and hypocrisy 
maintaining prestige, and secular sins thus easily mitigated, faith-home donations matched the skyrocketing mundane joy. 
Noting 'business is booming', even the priests felt joyous (At least till the next generation, when 'Churches of Church of 
England' will emerge). Like their faith offering goodies of both mono and polytheism, they seem to enjoy best of both 
theism and atheism. True freedom indeed!
Certainly there was corruption, but where in the world it isn't? Also, voters had the right to hire leaders and, if very corrupt, 
fire them anyway. Sure India had Maoist terrorism, but being in the villages, it didn't dominate the airways. Of course, 
Jihadi terrorism happened in the cities, but being occasional, they were live reported, talked about, condemned and then 
gradually forgotten - till the next. Yes, rape is more frequent and is even an epidemic, but like corruption, it is global. If 
sufficiently gruesome, it even gets nationwide protests and change in the ways of the courts.
Indeed Bollywood blatantly copies Hollywood, but it has penetrated homes of the people of Pakistan, where it is banned. If 
anything, there should be a revolution in Pakistan, not in India.
So Why the Revolution?
The Glorious Past:
Almost suggesting not all can be made happy, or God's job isn't easy, or even majority doesn't always mean empowered, 
despite all that, Hindus who were in the majority were not happy. But then, why?
Albeit all three - the past, the present and the future - were the cause of the 
discomfort, the past was by far the most important.
Not being European ruled primitive people, who were made civilized by the 
'White man's burden', but having a glorious past that even made Indians retort 
'They lived in caves, when we were in palaces', the formed utopia enticed a 
desire to achieve it. It was a similar incentive that made the French 
revolutionaries aspire for when apprised about their rights.
It sounds like the tit for tat Atom Bomb blast, but unlike the 'We ruled over the 
Hindus' of the Pakistanis, this utopia was for real.
With its influence stretching from Afghanistan to Japan; its narrative, 
Mahabharata, forming world's longest story; its perfected language, Sanskrit, 
seen as the mother of languages and computer friendly; its grammar by Panini 
regarded as faultless; its inventions like '0', yoga and meditation helping 
humanity even today; its 6 system of philosophy even including atheism; its 
several universities attracting global students like Oxford and Harvard do today; 
its GDP and gold reserve topping global figures; its ideals being 'truth wins'; 
respect for sacrifice and high morals; and its pluralism accommodating 
persecuted minorities like Jews and Zoroastrians, the Hindu utopia wasn't 
misplaced.
It is the descent from that civilization, when they, the Hindus, had a say through Islamic, British, socialist rule and then 
through globalisation that has, in effect, produced a wounded civilization for them. It is the resentment and the desire to re-
achieve that utopia that forms the nidus of the revolution. But then, 
there is more.
Exasperation with The Muslim Rule:
Although Islamic conquest didn't make India Islamic, it was filled 
with killings and destructions. While the genocide done caused 
physical pain, the ravaging of architectural constructs and temples 
and the building of mosques over them caused emotional hurt. The 
burning of libraries caused the loss of their knowledge, and their 
past. 
Seeing it as 'past is past' and today's Muslims not guilty of that, and 
tracing truth and reconciliation, the Hindus demanded only the three 
main temples - among the many destroyed. Not getting those, 
especially the Ram temple in Ayodhya, they felt resentful. Bad 
treatment of Pakistani Hindus and their lessening in number hurt 
them.NEXT



Hindu God Bishnu





The Hindu Sacred Word OM


Hindu Dance in Bali



The Nalanda University


BLOGS
MODERN WORLD HUB
WOMENSPOWER HUB
WEB PROMOTION HUB
SPORTS POWER HUB


- Dr K N Bastola 


SHARE
On Facebook
On Twitter
On Digg
On Google +



Articles
related
to
the
Internet



Articles
related 
to
women



 Philosop-
hical
 questions
that 
seek 
answers



Thought-
ful
articles
on
South
Asia


Raise the vol to listen to the 
lady airing awe @ the SINGLE author ncyclopedia


609b




























You may also like:
Disturbing stats on black-white inequality 
Now girls are a THIRD more likely to go to university than boys 
Sound effect: Bhajans (Hindu faith songs) helping Autism 
Lessening productivity 50% of Americans have worked with a hangover 
Scientists say fist bump is healthier than handshake ?Hug & kiss 
Meet Darknet, the hidden underbelly of the searchable Web  


















WOMEN’S POWER: ITS PAST, ITS PRESENT, ITS FUTURE: FEMOCRACY


HOME |  
STYLE |  
FAQ  |  
CONTENTS  |  
AUTHOR  |  
ABOUT US   |  
LINK   |  
DL  |  
CHANNEL  |   
CONTACT US  |  
SOCIAL SITES


ALL ARTICLES |  
SOUTH ASIA  |  
WOMEN RELATED  |  I
NTERNET  |  
PHILOSOPHY   |  


NEWS |  
JOKES  |  
QUOTES  |  
VIDEOS   | 


WEB PAGES


OUR OFFERING


UPLOADED ITEMS


QUESTION
* Why are there 
so many 
articles on 
different subjects?


OUR EMAIL
kri200@womenspowerbook.org


* Why are there
so many 
accounts 
on 
Twitter?


QUESTION






More articles


2014 Win by The 
BJP Was a 
Hindu Revolution
a. Why is it a HR?
b. Why were Hindus 
unhappy?
c. Is a Hindu Revolution
bad for the world?
(coming soon) 


Mr Modi Becoming The 
Next Prime Minister of 
India: Can He? 
Should He?









Heavy Drinking & Early 
Death Rise Among Eld-
erly.Can Faith Help?


Has Humanity Failed? 
DoWe Need The 
Fear of God?


ALL ARTICLES


Freedom Of Expression:
What Should Limit It
And What Shouldn’t?









ALL ARTICLES


Rape Epidemic: Causes, 
Facilitators,Types, Epidem
-iology and Prevention 
of This Modern Disease


Sexual Revolution Plus: A
Joyous Or Fearful Event
For Women In The Devel-
oping Countries Like
India And Pakistan?


*Sexual Revolution Bro-
ught STD And Social 
Change:  Is Our World 
Becoming A Fearful 
Place?









*Is Twitter, Facebook or 
Google+The Best Social 
Networking Site?


*Is Twitter Useful to 
Promote Websites? 


*Does 1st Page Google 
Ranking Bring Massive 
Traffic? 


ALL ARTICLES









45 DIFFERENCES BETWEEN SEXESPAST CIVILIZATIONPRESENT CIVILIZATIONFUTURE CIVILIZATIONSTYLE OF WRITING AND FLOWAMBITION DIFF ESSAY FROM THE BOOKARTICLESVIDEOSPODCASTS





