Democrats: Shock Withdrawal as Soliciting Emails Dry Up  
Democrats: Shock Withdrawal as Soliciting Emails Dry Up



   





"World's Funniest News Source"


   



Home
Cartoons

Political Cartoons

News in Cartoons
Political Cartoon Sampler
Rob Rogers
Tom Toles
Tom the Dancing Bug
Michael Egan


Political Cartoons, Foreign

Asia, Middle East
Europe
Latin America


Single Panel Cartoons

Bizarro
Avant Gauche
Berserk Alert!
Big Monkey Comic
Cartertoons
Cornered
Dr Doodle
Harley Schwadron
Mr. Brunelle Explains It All
Plan ‘B’ Cartoons
Surveillance Caricatures


User-Created Amateur Cartoons
Cartoon Caption Contest
Insight on Cartoonists
Humor Times Covers Gallery


Videos

Funny Videos
Political Humor Videos
Funny Videos Wall of Fame
User-Submitted Funny Videos


Humor Columns

Will Durst
Jim Hightower
Ripping the Headlines Today
Roz Warren
Tim Mollen
Michael Larson
Ben Krull
Argus Hamilton
Howard Zaharoff


Faux News
Reviews

Movie Reviews by Gary Chew
Book Reviews


Blogs

Editor’s Rant
Roger Freed
P. Beckert
Seen & Heard on the web
News
Insight on Cartoonists
The Town Scryer


User Fun

User-Created Amateur Cartoons
User-Submitted Funny Videos
Cartoon Caption Contest
Humor Times Polls


Subscribe
Links

Funny Links
Political Links
Other Links
Link to the Humor Times!


More

Free Newsletter
Advertise in the Humor Times
HT as Teacher’s Aide!
HT Magazine Covers Gallery
About the Humor Times

Subscribe to HT magazine!
HT magazine testimonials
List of Writers & Cartoonists
Submissions Guidelines
Link to the Humor Times!


Contact us












  Kanye West and Kim Kardashian Eye the Taj Majal for Anniversary
  Kim Kardashian Sued for DNA Fiasco





[Disclaimer: This article is a "fake news" piece. Proceed at your own risk!]



Democrats Experience Shock Withdrawal as Soliciting Emails Dry Up

Nov 112014

 
 By Michael Egan, November 11, 2014


‘Lonely Little Petunia’ syndrome spreading faster than Ebola for Democrats
DES MOINES, IOWA — Democratic voters throughout America were in deep shock this morning when President Barack Obama did not write to them asking for money.
Even worse, there were no email solicitations from Nancy Pelosi, Bill Clinton, nor any of their local candidates for Governor, state Senator, etc.
Disturbed Democrats and even some Independents were observed displaying symptoms of acute withdrawal, including twitches, sniffles and having trouble reaching for their wallets.
“Now that they’ve all stopped writing I feel so used,” said Ed “Grumpy Gus” Gillespie of Des Moines, Iowa. “Not even Barbra Streisand writes any more, and she’ll sign anything.”
Gillespie added: “Before November 5 they just couldn’t get enough of me. I was like the last rose of summer. Now I’m just a lonely little petunia in an onion patch. All I do is cry all day.”
Gillespie explained that for the past several months, “and maybe even for a year,” morning emails from Democrats had regularly “shocked him into consciousness” with frightening subject lines addressed to him personally. They got scarier as the election approached.
“Like ‘ED GILLESPIE! DISASTER IS ABOUT TO STRIKE!’” he said. “And ‘ED GILLESPIE! CAN YOU CHIP IN $5.00 OR MORE?’
“Even The Daily KOS got into the act, putting my name into its actual headlines! ‘Ed Gillespie, if you can’t chip in $5.00 or more, can you make phone calls?’ Within no time I’d be groping for my debit card or choking on my coffee over another GOP atrocity.”
Gillespie continued: “When you’re terrified first thing, you sure get going fast. God, I miss that. How am I supposed to wake up in the morning now?”
This reporter assured Mr. Gillespie that things would soon be back to normal. “The 2016 presidential campaign is already under way,” I told him. “They’ll be back to scaring up the big bucks in no time at all.”
“Thank God,” Gillespie said. “I tried worrying about Ebola and ISIS, but I’m just not a Republican.”
Democrats Experience Shock Withdrawal as Soliciting Emails Dry Up was last modified:  November 14th, 2014 by Michael EganThe following two tabs change content below.BioLatest Posts




Michael Egan
Michael is a Shakespeare scholar, journalist, editor and cartoonist who has worked in England, South Africa, the USA and Hawaii. He is the editor of Shakespeare's Richard II, Part One, an undiscovered new play, and the author of of two graphic business books, Vroom! Turbocharged Team Building and Would You Really Rather Die than give a Talk? published by the AMA. Readers are invited to visit his satirical website, The Daily Fog, at www.editorialandpoliticalcartoons.com.







Latest posts by Michael Egan (see all)



Bill O’Reilly Offers to Represent Brian Williams at NBC Hearing - February 22, 2015


Brian Williams Moving to Fox News - February 13, 2015


Harvard Faculty Resign En Masse Over New Sex Rules - February 10, 2015






 










  Kanye West and Kim Kardashian Eye the Taj Majal for Anniversary
  Kim Kardashian Sued for DNA Fiasco







  
     

More Links  Great affordable gift ideas at DHGate.com!

Click Here for Funny Jokes!
Increase site rank with Nofollow Reciprocity. 
 Cartoon Galleries! 

 Fun Stuff! Enter our Cartoon Caption Contest!
 Interesting Stuff 
 Search the Site




 Fake News Headlines 
   



 We've Got Your "Unique Gift Idea" Right Here! Give the Gift of Laughter! The HUMOR TIMES Magazine: The Gift That Keeps On Giving All Year Long!
 




© 2007-2015 Humor Times
Website created & maintained by WCM, based on the Suffusion theme by Sayontan Sinha


















