Technology & the 2012 Presidential Election between Romney & Obama 
Technology & the 2012 Presidential Election between Romney & Obama








About Us

Contact Us
FL SEO Company
New York City SEO Company
FAQ

What Is Internet Marketing
Why do I need Internet Marketing when I already have an offline campaign that works




Empire Products

Internet Press Release
Local SEO
PPC Management
SEO – Search Engine Optimization
SEO Prices
White Label Reseller SEO Service


Online Reputation Management

Accountant Online Reputation Management
Doctor Online Reputation Management
Lawyer Online Reputation Management
Small Business Online Reputation Management


Web Design
Blog
 

Contact Us: 212-203-8856 





Technology & the 2012 Presidential Election between Romney & Obama


Empire Media > Internet Marketing > Internet News > Technology & the 2012 Presidential Election between Romney & Obama			
		













  SEO Packages & Prices 










 
 
Message 








Blog Categories 
Internet Marketing

Internet News

PPC

SEO

Social Marketing

Web Design




Our PagesHome

FAQ


Contact Us
Empire Products

Internet Press Release
Local SEO
PPC Management
SEO – Search Engine Optimization
SEO Prices


Online Reputation Management

Accountant Online Reputation Management
Doctor Online Reputation Management
Lawyer Online Reputation Management
Small Business Online Reputation Management


Web Design and Development
White Label Reseller SEO Service
  Recent Posts 
HTML5 Web Design
Do Search Engine Rankings Matter?
Google versus Politics
Would a Facebook search engine ruin Google?
Technology & the 2012 Presidential Election between Romney & Obama
Best Free WordPress Plugins 2012
Product and How To Video Marketing
History of Social Media
What is Google Play
KONY and the Importance of Viral Marketing
Local Business Search Engine Optimization
KLM Airline Passengers Choose Seat Partners Based On Social Media
Opt-Out Provision and Web Tracking
Domain Registration and Hosting
SEO the Correct Way
Failed Google Projects
Expert Bing SEO Advice
Content Management System Distributions
Google+ for Businesses
Google Bad Link Notification

Friends For quality heating, cooling and AC maintenance services in New Jersey, call on Arctic of Wrightstown, NJ.

 






How Technology is Influencing the 2012 Election
Since the inception of the internet, political parties and their members have made use of this venue for promoting their campaigns. The presidential elections have not been immune to this trend, and we are witnessing history in the making with the current one. Although media has long been utilized to promote and disseminate information, the internet is one arena that has the capability to reach millions of people instantaneously. Social networking and mobile applications have allowed candidates to connect to voters in a more direct and personal way, and it seems as if there are no signs of this new found method to be slowing down. The 2012 election is nearing ever sooner, and all eyes are now on Obama and Romney. How technology is being used by these party leaders and what are they doing to influence their voters is an important issue to consider, as it may help us understand what the future holds for technology and politics.
Who has the upper hand?

It is no surprise that Obama is leading the way in using technology as a tool for his campaign. In contrast to Romney, the democratic candidate has shown to be much more involved in this realm. Thinking back to the presidential election of 2008 rings similar bells, as many believe Obama’s use of the famous social networking websites Facebook and Twitter helped him gain a valuable lead over McCain. The goal of connecting and ultimately mobilizing the mass of young people throughout the nation has always been a goal of Obama’s, and via this method and an increasing number today, he has proved to be quite successful. Coined the “tech president” due to his far greater use of technology in contrast to any other before him, appears to be worth more than simply a title. The current electoral year has witnessed his rampant use of Twitter and mobile applications.
While Romney is certainly not in the dark in this area, he has not relied nearly as much on technology to influence his voters as has his rival. In contrast to McCain, however, who seemed to avoid the outlet altogether, Romney’s team has made use of social media by developing an Iphone/Android compatible application. The scope of the app is very limited, though, as its sole purpose is to provide up to date information on who the candidate will select as his VP. While this is an informative way of advancing his campaign and thus a means for him to keep in touch with his voters, it does not seem to be a very effective method for harnessing a campaign trail. Obama, on the other hand, has developed an app that goes to much greater lengths. His app keys voters in on important campaign information and other valuable data. Coupled with his adamant use of direct messaging via Twitter (where he has almost 21 million followers compared to Romney’s 1.5 million), it is clear that Obama views technology as an important means for securing his re-election. In the article, “How the presidential candidates use the web and social media,” (link) we are shown these images that depict the strong contrast between Obama and Romney’s uses:

Social Media – Obama vs Romney


Social Media Response – Obama vs Romney via Facebook Twitter YouTube

As these images demonstrate, Romney may be working to hold his own from a social media standpoint, but it is Obama who has won this race. How effective these methods will be come November 6 is another story, but it has millions of us wondering. In addition, it should be noted that while Obama is busy writing up Twitter tweets and Facebook posts, he shares his rival’s tendency to not actively engage the purpose of these social media tools. Most of the contact has been a one-way street, which may or may not have a strong influence on either candidate’s chances.
Does technology matter?
At the end of the day, the question worth pondering is whether this social media craze means anything. While we have certainly seen an increased involvement among the younger crowd, which is undoubtedly a very influential voting bloc, it is still up in the air as to how much of an effect technology will have. Is Obama going to win the election simply because his Facebook page has more fans? A glance at the current polls indicates this does not seem to be the case. Among the nation’s registered voters, the candidates are almost tied. Thus, although Romney has had a made a minimal amount of effort to influence his voters via the internet, he is commanding an equal footing. A more important point to consider is the long-term potential that technology holds. It is likely that this upward trend will continue, as social media outlets make for connecting to voters much more easily and effective. Ultimately, however, it appears that these channels are simply that, a means for transmitting messages. It is the message that matters. The internet is one way of getting the message across, but it alone cannot determine who will become our nation’s next president.
Related posts:

Top WordPress Plugins
Top 10 SEO Mistakes
Would a Facebook search engine ruin Google?





Leave a Reply


Guest
Using Facebook


Click here to cancel reply.




Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






 
	4 +  = 11







        Logged in on Facebook as .        Log out »





Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website

Post notification to my Wall




 
	9 −  = 1













 





 




 44 West 22nd Street, 3rd Floor
New York City, NY 10010






						
							Copyright © 2012 Empire Media -
All rights reserved.						
						


















RSSFacebookGoogle+LinkedInTwitter 



 






Twitter








Tweet
 



Facebook








 



Google+









 



StumbleUpon











 



LinkedIn








 



Reddit








 



Email








Email to a friend 










