Stop muttering…Get behind @Ed_Miliband so we can win the 2015 election by @KailashChandOBE |  Labour Left Hollister Damen
Hollister Deutschland
Hollister Deutschland Shop
Hollister Online Shop Deutsch
Hollister Online Shop Deutschland Sale
Hollister Online Shop Sale
Hollister Online Shop Schweiz.html
Hollister Kleid
Hollister
Hollister Sverige
hollister stockholm
Hollister Milano Indirizzo
Hollister Milano
Hollister Italia
Hollister Roma Via Del Corso
hollister schweiz
hollister online shop
hollister belgie winkels
hollister belgie
hollister belgium
hollister nederlandhtml





Stop muttering…Get behind @Ed_Miliband so we can win the 2015 election by @KailashChandOBE |  Labour Left










































 












Navigation
HomeAbout Labour Left

 



Stop muttering…Get behind @Ed_Miliband so we can win the 2015 election by @KailashChandOBE
November 9, 2014








There’s a general election in just six months. Labour
lead in most polls, and will win if the party remain united. Despite all of the Ed
Miliband bashing by the Tory Press the latest survey by Survation puts
Labour 5% ahead of Tories. That said, however, the sure route to Labour being defeated at the election is for the party to keep questioning Ed Miliband’s
capabilities as a leader. Ed Miliband is a resilient leader with principles.
He is relentlessly cast as a geeky loser by right wing media. But the real
problem seems not to be his personal and political weaknesses, but the
realty, that he might actually win the next election. The truth is that the Tory press are terrified of a Labour victory because they know Labour will not serve their interests.
My advice for Ed Miliband is to keep his nerve and the courage of his values instead of worrying about the reaction of a disgruntled Blairite rump and
irreconcilable right-wing critics in the media. In last four years, as the leader of the
party, he has recast discredited New Labour politics and broken with failed
economic orthodoxy. Ed is committed to: a freeze in electricity prices,
breakup of the energy monopolies, abolition of the bedroom tax, a tougher
minimum wage, 200,000 new homes a year by 2020, extra childcare and a switch
from tax cuts from big to small businesses. These policies exemplify why we support Ed Miliband.
Mr Miliband has wrong footed Cameron and Osborne by successfully
reframing the economic question, when he argued the big issue was not
the recovery but whether voters would see any benefit. His promise to freeze
energy prices for 20 months has put the Conservatives on the back foot. The IFS say that each household is £1,600 worse off because of a Tory government, as wage packets suffer their largest real terms freeze since records began in 1855.
To add to this, free open markets, globalization and predatory capitalism advocated by Cameron/Osborne have benefited only those at the top and left those at the
bottom (haven’t) cowed, defenceless, powerless and increasingly poor.
Whereas Ed Miliband talks of fairness and making that economy more
“inclusive” so that everyone gets their share of prosperity.
He has endeared himself to the immigrant community by insisting that the
labour will not join an arms race of rhetoric on immigration and his party
will never use immigration to play divide and rule.
He acknowledges that Britain had benefited from migrants who had built the
biggest British companies, worked in the NHS and won Nobel prizes and
Olympic medals, and Ed has assured that a Labour will continue a positive approach to immigration and that immigrants will continue to play an
important role in the future as Britain competed in the global market.
Labour is absolutely right that the NHS must be at the centre of political
debate between now and the election, for it is genuinely facing bigger
challenges than at any time in its history. It is no surprise that voters now list it as the issue that matters most to their family. This is why Ed was right to pledge an extra £12.5bn of funding for the NHS> Also Ed Miliband’s proposals for
extra cash from taxes on tobacco and mansions are being welcomed with open arms.
A joined-up health and caring service as proposed by Andy Burnham, is the
right destination and a single funding body is part of the right answer.
Finally, I dread to imagine, what another five years of Cameron led- government would
do to this nation? The NHS will just be a logo; a most cherished institution
reduced from being the main provider of health services in England with one
of the biggest workforces in the world, to a US-style insurance scheme,
divorced from the delivery of care. A United Kingdom that could well stumble
out of the European Union to appease right wing Tories; a nation of
ever-stagnant wages, poor becoming poorer and rich becoming rich; a country
slamming down the shutters against immigrants and the wider world.
Ed Miliband is our best chance in 2015 of evicting the conservatives and
stopping the country slipping into ‘survival of the fittest’ ethos. His
genuine strengths, thought, action and toughness will get through and help
to secure a resounding victory in 2015.







Share this:EmailMoreShare on TumblrDigg Pin It









			This entry was posted in Policy.			




Seán

View more posts from this author



« “Stop the Privatisation of the NHS” by @MichaelDugherMP 

15 facts on the Bedroom Tax that MPs should be aware of for today’s Bedroom Tax by @LabourEoin » 







 


 Tweets by @LabourLeft

 
 

 














			Copyright © 2015 Labour Left. All Rights Reserved.		

Epic by Slocum Studio 















Send to Email Address

Your Name

Your Email Address



Cancel

				Post was not sent - check your email addresses!			

				Email check failed, please try again			

				Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.			



  












