Establish Your Own Online Advertising Business - $site_name 
Establish Your Own Online Advertising Business - $site_name





Features
Pricing
Terms
Live Demo
Contact Us







Establish & Operate Your Own Online Advertising Business
With High-end, Scalable & Fully Self-branded
Online Advertising Platform




			Optimize Your Ad Network 
			 Maximize Your Revenue

OAN Ad platform doesn’t require any technical expertise on your side. Furthermore, it will reduce your IT costs. Also you won’t have to pay for dedicated servers, IT personnel, maintenance and upgrades. 

OAN Ad platform is an highly scalable and secured web-based platform capable of serving billions of ads on a daily basis, with a 99% uptime.
			

Ready to get started?
Click Here












			The rebranding process of the openAdNation.com has started and 2
franchise platforms has been officially launched; Promo Nigeria (www.promo.com.ng) 
and Promo Ghana (www.promoghana.com). All Nigerian
advertisers and publishers are required to switch to PromoNigeria
while all Ghanaian advertisers and publishers are required to swicthed
to PromoGhana. We are currently transferring all accounts on the
OpenAdNation to these platforms.		

The OpenAdNation Engine is a white-label digital advertising web application that enables ad 
        networks to maximize their revenue. With the OAN Ad Engine you can start your own digital advertising platform within 24hrs.

        With this seamless, end-to-end platform, some of Africa's leading networks easily operate and manage their advertisers and publishers.    
 

Have questions? 
Give us a call and one of our account managers will be happy to help.	  
+234 808 7944 989 


Create your own ad network – 
		manage and track any number and type of publishers, advertisers and campaigns
Join the advertising revolution – 
		reach top publishers looking to diversify their campaigns and website content






	©OpenAdNation.com is a subsidiary of Ellist Communication Technology Ltd - 2013-2014 - All Rights Reserved	


