Bill of Rights of the US Constitution: Promise Made, Promise Kept | David J. Shestokas 
Bill of Rights of the US Constitution: Promise Made, Promise Kept | David J. Shestokas






Constitutional Sound Bites
Now on Amazon











David J. ShestokasConstitutional & Legal Educational NewsHome
United States Constitution
Declaration of Independence
Constitutionally Speaking
Constitutional Sound Bites
About David Shestokas
About This Site
Contact
Bill of Rights of the US Constitution: Promise Made, Promise Kept
December 4, 2012  by David J. Shestokas Filed Under: Constitution Educational Series Tagged With: amendment, bill of rights, constitution, first amendment, founding fathers, legal process, natural law, ratifyThe first ten amendments to the US Constitution are known collectively as the Bill of Rights.
These amendments limit the power of the federal government.
The Constitution was a grant of power to the central government by the People of the United States; the Bill of Rights places limits on that power. The Bill of Rights includes natural rights given to human beings from their Creator. Abuses suffered by colonists at the hands of King George as outlined in the Declaration of Independence, served to inspire additional protections.
The Bill of Rights contains protections for the natural rights of liberty and property. The freedoms of religion, speech, free press, free assembly, petition for redress of grievances and the right to keep and bear arms are addressed. Important protections were put in place for persons accused of crimes including the rights to a speedy trial, to remain silent, to not be prosecuted twice for the same crime, to have an attorney and more.
 
James Madison: “Father of the Constitution”
James Madison proposed 19 amendments to the First United States Congress. Congress, by joint resolution, sent 12 of these amendments to the states on September 25, 1789. On December 15, 1791, with Virginia’s ratification, (11th of the then 14 states) 10 of the proposed amendments became part of the Constitution through the Constitution’s Article V amendment process.
Two Proposed Amendments Not Ratified
The first two proposed amendments, concerning the number of constituents for each Representative and the compensation of Congressmen, were not ratified. (The proposed amendment regarding congressional compensation was ratified more than 200 years later, becoming the 27th Amendment.)
Ratification of Proposed Constitution Not Assured
The Constitutional Convention  finished its work on September 17, 1787. The Constitution’s Article VII provided that the Constitution would go into effect when nine of the thirteen states had ratified the document. Ratification was by no means assured. There were groups known as Federalists that favored ratification and the Anti-Federalists who opposed the Constitution.
Among the arguments made against the Constitution by the Anti-Federalists was the lack of specific protections from the federal government for citizens of their most important natural rights. The proposed Constitution did not have protections from a strong government engaging in abuses colonists had suffered under the British. To secure votes for ratification, in a number of states, but in Massachusetts in particular, proponents of the Constitution promised to amend the document to address the lack of the Bill of Rights once the document went into effect.
Both New York and Virginia, among others included recommendations for amendments along with the resolutions of ratification.  From these state recommendations, the First Congress began the work of keeping the promise to add a Bill of Rights.
Promises Made, Promises Kept 
The Federalists kept the promise to propose amendments to protect specific rights with Madison’s proposal of nineteen amendments to the First Congress.  The congress trimmed these proposals to the twelve submitted to the states for ratification. Ten were ratified. (The story of the Twenty-Seventh Amendment, originally proposed as the second amendment, and University of Texas student Gregory Watson is of interest.)
The promise was kept after the Constitution’s ratification and after the Federalists won significant majorities in both the House and Senate in the nation’s first congressional elections. This is a testament to the political honor and commitment to keeping a promise that existed among American leaders of the 18th century. An example for 21st century politicians exists in the story of the Bill of Rights.
The addition of the Bill of Rights not only kept the promise of the Federalist advocates of ratification.  It was a confirmation of the Natural Law founding philosophy outlined in the Declaration of Independence.  This act of the new government, consistent with its founding philosophy, further solidified the support of the population for the new government and its legal legitimacy.
Amendment I
Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances.
Amendment II
A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed.
Amendment III
No Soldier shall, in time of peace be quartered in any house, without the consent of the Owner, nor in time of war, but in a manner to be prescribed by law.
Amendment IV
The right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated, and no Warrants shall issue, but upon probable cause, supported by Oath or affirmation, and particularly describing the place to be searched, and the persons or things to be seized.
Amendment V
No person shall be held to answer for a capital, or otherwise infamous crime, unless on a presentment or indictment of a Grand Jury, except in cases arising in the land or naval forces, or in the Militia, when in actual service in time of War or public danger; nor shall any person be subject for the same offence to be twice put in jeopardy of life or limb; nor shall be compelled in any criminal case to be a witness against himself, nor be deprived of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law; nor shall private property be taken for public use, without just compensation.
Amendment VI
In all criminal prosecutions, the accused shall enjoy the right to a speedy and public trial, by an impartial jury of the State and district wherein the crime shall have been committed, which district shall have been previously ascertained by law, and to be informed of the nature and cause of the accusation; to be confronted with the witnesses against him; to have compulsory process for obtaining witnesses in his favor, and to have the Assistance of Counsel for his defence.
Amendment VII
In Suits at common law, where the value in controversy shall exceed twenty dollars, the right of trial by jury shall be preserved, and no fact tried by a jury, shall be otherwise re-examined in any Court of the United States, than according to the rules of the common law.
Amendment VIII
Excessive bail shall not be required, nor excessive fines imposed, nor cruel and unusual punishments inflicted.
Amendment IX
The enumeration in the Constitution, of certain rights, shall not be construed to deny or disparage others retained by the people.
Amendment X
The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to the people.
Comments
Media Net Banner

 

Trackbacks 


Arrest Warrants Issued in the United States | David J. Shestokas says: 

			December 10, 2012 at 3:22 pm 
[…] The Fourth Amendment is part of the Bill of Rights.  Much of the Bill of Rights is related to protections for persons accused of crimes from the […]







Plea Bargaining in Criminal Cases | David J. Shestokas says: 

			December 17, 2012 at 12:05 pm 
[…] waive multiple rights protected by the Fifth and Sixth Amendments of the Bill of Rights: among the rights a defendant gives up: the right to a jury trial, the right against […]







Amendment I to the US Constitution: An Overview | David J. Shestokas says: 

			January 19, 2013 at 1:59 pm 
[…] about the lack of specified limits. These concerns resulted in the first ten amendments, the Bill of Rights, to specify areas outside federal authority and define citizen rights in other areas. The First […]







First Amendment to the Constitution: Freedom of Religion | David J. Shestokas says: 

			January 19, 2013 at 4:11 pm 
[…] 2013 By David J. Shestokas   The first ten amendments to the US Constitution are referred to as the Bill of Rights.  The First Amendment protects “freedom of expression” for Americans by restricting government […]







Article I of the US Constitution | David J. Shestokas says: 

			January 30, 2013 at 10:05 am 
[…] Americans generally look to the Bill of Rights (Amendments I-X) as constitutional guarantees, two important rights are enumerated in Section 9.  […]







Gideon v. Wainwright, 50 Years Later, Did Clarence Gideon Write His Appeal? Part 1 | David J. Shestokas says: 

			February 6, 2013 at 4:37 am 
[…] Constitution‘s Sixth Amendment is part of the Bill of Rights and was ratified in 1791.  For over 140 years those words meant essentially that a criminal […]







The Origin and Meaning of the Miranda Warnings | David J. Shestokas says: 

			February 7, 2013 at 12:50 pm 
[…] Supreme Court found that Miranda’s rights derived from the Fifth and Sixth Amendments of the Bill of Rights  had been violated overturning his conviction. In doing that, the Court announced the rule that […]







The First Amendment to the Constitution: Freedom of Speech | David J. Shestokas says: 

			February 12, 2013 at 7:54 am 
[…] US Constitution’s first ten amendments are called The Bill of Rights. The First Amendment limits the authority of government to enact laws impinging upon the natural […]







Article V of the US Constitution: Amendments | David J. Shestokas says: 

			February 28, 2013 at 10:53 am 
[…] 27 have passed, despite thousands of proposals. Of the 27 that passed, the first 10 known as the Bill of Rights, were almost immediately ratified after the Constitution was […]







First Amendment to the Constitution: Freedom of the Press | David J. Shestokas says: 

			March 3, 2013 at 11:12 am 
[…] it is often referred to as a source for the American Bill of Rights, the English Bill of Rights of 1689 made no provisions for freedom of the press. There was a long […]







Senators Cruz & Feinstein: An Exchange That Should Not be News | David J. Shestokas says: 

			March 24, 2013 at 9:51 am 
[…] drafters of the Bill of Rights selected that phrase to be used in the three amendments.  As a “term of art” it has the same […]







Natural Law and the Legitimate Authority of the United States | David J. Shestokas says: 

			March 28, 2013 at 10:57 am 
[…] Constitution specific unalienable natural rights have been made part of its positive law in the Bill of Rights, e.g.: freedom of speech,  religion and press, keep and bear arms. Beyond rights written into […]







American Federalism: Source, Purpose and Establishment Part I | David J. Shestokas says: 

			April 16, 2013 at 9:58 am 
[…] This basic tenet of American Federalism was enshrined in the Tenth Amendment of the Bill of Rights: […]







American Federalism: Source, Purpose and Establishment Part II | David J. Shestokas says: 

			April 20, 2013 at 2:12 pm 
[…] promised to do so once it was in operation.  In 1791, in keeping with that promise, the Bill of Rights was ratified. The Tenth Amendment stated clearly what the Constitution had done […]







Boston Marathon Bomber, Miranda Warnings and the Public Safety Exception | David J. Shestokas says: 

			April 21, 2013 at 1:31 pm 
[…] of the Bill of Rights, the first ten amendments to the Constitution.  The 4th, 5th, 6th and 8th Amendments all relate to […]







US Constitution’s First Amendment: Right to Petition for Redress of Grievances | David J. Shestokas says: 

			July 1, 2013 at 12:38 pm 
[…] First Amendment of the Bill of Rights addresses five rights.  The limits on government interference with religion, speech and the press […]







Trayvon Martin, George Zimmerman and the Founders’ Faith in Grand Juries | David J. Shestokas says: 

			July 18, 2013 at 4:18 pm 
[…] of the benefits of Trial by Jury”. Juries are mentioned five times in the Constitution and the Bill of Rights. Juries have protected against government power and political passion for over 200 years. Grand […]







The Second Amendment: A Personal Natural Right to Keep and Bear Arms | David J. Shestokas says: 

			September 2, 2013 at 2:32 am 
[…] With those words, Justice Scalia put to rest a debate as to the meaning of the Second Amendment that had persisted for much of the 20th Century. The debate had been whether a “collective right” relating to state militias or an “individual right” involving personal possession was protected. The Second Amendment is among the most well-known of the Constitution’s Bill of Rights: […]







Obamacare Contraception Mandate Reaches Supreme Court | David J. Shestokas says: 

			September 21, 2013 at 8:49 pm 
[…] [2] ”Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof …” This is part of the Constitution‘s Bill of Rights. […]







The Third Amendment to the US Constitution | David J. Shestokas says: 

			October 7, 2013 at 3:09 pm 
[…] Third Amendment, like many other provisions of the Bill of Rights responded to colonial grievances against King George.  The Declaration of Independence listed 27 […]







"Constitutionally Speaking" with Dave Shestokas Debuts Saturday on WGUF 98.9 | lehighacresgazette.info says: 

			November 5, 2013 at 2:52 pm 
[…] on a piece about police searches of automobiles, involving search and seizure issues and the Bill of Rights’ 4th Amendment made it clear that many Americans did not have a deep understanding of their […]







Concepts of Natural Law and Legitimate Government Authority | Lease Agreement says: 

			December 11, 2013 at 1:37 am 
[…] Constitution specific unalienable natural rights have been made part of its positive law in the Bill of Rights, e.g.: freedom of speech, religion and assembly, keep and bear arms. Beyond rights written into […]







Fourth Amendment Origins: Court Battles Lead to Revolution | David J. Shestokas says: 

			December 17, 2013 at 11:41 pm 
[…] US Constitution‘s Fourth Amendment of the Bill of Rights, like the Third Amendment, is rooted in the English tradition of the sanctity of one’s home. […]







Courageous NSA Ruling by Judge Leon Respects Privacy and Fourth Amendment | David J. Shestokas says: 

			December 18, 2013 at 12:12 am 
[…] Fourth Amendment of the Bill of Rights was ratified in 1791.  In the following centuries the Supreme Court carved out exceptions to the […]







The US Constitution and Local Government | David J. Shestokas says: 

			January 9, 2014 at 1:25 pm 
[…] Constitution’s Bill of Rights and other limitations on the conduct of government were originally directed to the power of the […]







The Fourteenth Amendment to the US Constitution | David J. Shestokas says: 

			January 19, 2014 at 10:14 pm 
[…] of the rights addressed by the Bill of Rights are Natural Rights (e.g. religion, speech, assembly) which exist independent of government. These […]







The Fifth Amendment: Procedural Protections for Natural Rights | David J. Shestokas says: 

			March 17, 2014 at 12:35 am 
[…] 12 amendments to the Constitution in 1789. The states ratified ten of the proposed amendments: The Bill of Rights. The Fifth Amendment contains five procedural rights. If the government seeks to take […]







The Fifth Amendment’s Grand Jury: A Proud & Lost Protection of Liberty | David J. Shestokas says: 

			March 21, 2014 at 2:37 pm 
[…] Fifth Amendment of the Bill of Rights mandates government procedures to protect the natural, inalienable rights of life, liberty and the […]







First Amendment Freedoms | Media Today says: 

			April 7, 2014 at 12:32 pm 
[…] http://www.shestokas.com/constitution-educational-series/bill-of-rights-of-the-us-constitution-promi…The Bill of Rights […]







The Exclusionary Rule in US Criminal Trials | David J. Shestokas says: 

			June 26, 2014 at 10:43 am 
[…] of the Bill of Rights, the Fourth Amendment to the United States Constitution prohibits government searches or seizures […]







Fourth Amendment Victory: Cell Phones Cannot be Searched Without a Warrant | David J. Shestokas says: 

			June 26, 2014 at 1:49 pm 
[…] its face, the United States Constitution’s Fourth Amendment of the Bill of Rights appears clear when it comes to requiring a government agent obtain a warrant before searching a […]







Constitution’s 18th Amendment: Prohibition Leads to National Police Force | David J. Shestokas says: 

			August 6, 2014 at 1:01 pm 
[…] The Bill of Rights set specific limits on federal government power and defined procedures to protect natural rights.  The Fifteenth, Nineteenth, Twenty-Third and Twenty-Sixth all expanded voting rights.  The Twelfth, Twentieth, Twenty-Second and Twenty-Fifth made technical changes in the government.  The Eighteenth prohibited alcoholic beverages.  It was different and unsuccessful. […]







Eighth Amendment: Banning Cruel and Unusual Punishment | David J. Shestokas says: 

			August 18, 2014 at 4:11 pm 
[…] Eighth Amendment to the US Constitution is part of the Bill of Rights.  Along with the Fourth, Fifth and Sixth Amendments it recognizes procedural rights for persons […]







6th Amendment Public Trial: From Communal Duty to Accused’s Right - LibertyChat.com says: 

			November 21, 2014 at 12:43 am 
[…] Constitution’s Bill of Rights contains many procedural protections for those the government accuses of having committed a […]




 
Connect with Dave

About Dave
David Shestokas is the author of  Constitutional Sound Bites  and host of   Constitutionally Speaking on  America's Talk Radio Network Sundays at 5 PM EST.
He earned his B.A. in Political Science from Bradley University in 1975 and his Juris Doctor from The John Marshall Law School, cum laude, in June of 1987. In 1986-87 he served on The John Marshall Law Review. He studied law at Trinity College in Dublin, Ireland.
Mr. Shestokas was admitted to practice law before the Illinois Supreme Court in 1987, the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois in 1988, the Supreme Court of Florida in 2004, and the United States District Court for the Middle District of Florida in 2006.
Join his over 69,000 followers on Twitter .
On Facebook, join the more than 4,200 members of Dave Shestokas on the Constitution and like the pages for David J. Shestokas, Attorney at Law and Constitutionally Speaking.
Connect with Dave on LinkedIn
Join Dave's Circles on Google+
View My Blog Posts
Constitutional Sound Bites by David Shestokas





 







Categories

Civil Law (11)

Constitution and Its People (13)

Constitution Educational Series (57)

Criminal Law (17)

General Law (24)

Guest Commentary & Reflections (32)

Legal News (15)

Uncategorized (2)



Archives

February 2015 (4)
January 2015 (1)
December 2014 (2)
November 2014 (3)
October 2014 (5)
September 2014 (4)
August 2014 (6)
July 2014 (7)
June 2014 (10)
May 2014 (1)
April 2014 (5)
March 2014 (5)
February 2014 (6)
January 2014 (5)
December 2013 (5)
November 2013 (2)
October 2013 (4)
September 2013 (2)
August 2013 (3)
July 2013 (2)
May 2013 (1)
April 2013 (3)
March 2013 (5)
February 2013 (13)
January 2013 (10)
December 2012 (14)
November 2012 (9)
October 2012 (7)


Tags
amendment
article v
bill of rights
civil lawsuit
civil rights
communism
congress
constitution
contract
criminal defense
criminal law
elections
extradition
family
federalism
felony
fifth amendment
first amendment
florida
founding fathers
HHS Contraceptive Mandate
illinois
independence
last will
legal process
madison
Miranda
misdemeanor
natural law
Obama
origination
president
press
ratify
real estate
religion
search and seizure
separation of power
sixth amendment
socialism
speech
Supreme Court
voting
warrant
washington









  Recent Posts


Compact for America Solution to Article V Convention Issues According to the Founders, Part III


Compact for America Solution to Article V Convention Issues According to the Founders, Part II


Compact for America Solution to Article V Convention Issues According to the Founders, Part I


Book Review:  The Partisan Divide: Congress in Crisis


Text of Tea Party Response to State of the Union Address



Tweet with Dave!
Tweets by @shestokas


Subscribe to David


Copyright © 2015 · David J. Shestokas  · Log inFort Myers Web Design by Fuller Online Solutions





















 








