Next election is Justin Trudeau’s to lose: Gwyn | Toronto Star 
Next election is Justin Trudeau’s to lose: Gwyn | Toronto Star














































Wednesday, February 25, 2015
12:26 PM EST





the star.com
Commentary







Search the archives



















Home

News

GTA
Queen's Park
Canada
World
Investigations
Crime



Your Toronto

City Nights
Schools
The Fixer
Reviews
Traffic



Opinion

Editorials
Commentary
Readers' Letters
Public Editor
Corrections
Editorial Cartoon



Sports

Hockey
Baseball
Basketball
Football
Soccer
Amateur
Tennis
Golf
Figure Skating
Curling
Lacrosse



Business

Economy
Personal Finance
Tech News
Real Estate



Entertainment

Television
Movies
Stage
Music
Books
Visual Arts



Life

Technology
Food & Wine
Travel
Fashion & Style
Homes
Health & Wellness
Parent



Autos


Photos


Diversions

Classifieds
Obituaries







Inside the Star



Video


Sex education debate at Queen’s Park gets nasty



Video


Questions surround mystery tunnel near York U



Video


City’s coldest job falls to Toronto Fire's icebreakers 







Opinion
  		
  			/ Commentary


Next election is Justin Trudeau’s to lose: Gwyn
But with all the bad economic news, voters may judge that this is the time for a tough guy like Stephen Harper at the top.







Share on Facebook


Tweet














A
A







Comments
?



Republish





Report an Error








Share via Email
Print










				Cole Burston
				/ For the Toronto Star

                
			

				In most respects, Liberal Leader Justin Trudeau is the right person in the right place at the right time, Richard Gwyn writes.
			






By:
Richard Gwyn
Columnist,
 Published on Mon Dec 22 2014























By a wide margin, the biggest political event of the year ahead will be the federal election due to be called for next October.

On the evidence, this election is Liberal Leader Justin Trudeau’s to lose. In most respects he is the right person in the right place at the right time.

He’s a genuinely likeable individual. He’s made some verbal blunders but none of them rank as unforgivable mistakes. And topping that pair, he has the additional asset of having no policies.

At one time, this last among Trudeau’s attributes might have been considered a political handicap. Today, public skepticism about politicians is so deep and widespread — in surveys they rank ahead only of second-hand car salesmen — that the less they say the better for them provided they say it in an engaging, caring way.

During the actual election, Trudeau will of course have to say something. But he will have reduced to a minimum the time left for the Conservatives and New Democrats to expose flaws in the programs he proposes.

Canniness, thus, has been combined with niceness. That potent pairing transformed the political scene almost instantly when Trudeau first entered the contest for the Liberal leadership in October 2012. The Liberals, then a poor third, soared into first place in the polls. Ever since, Trudeau has kept the Liberals well ahead, although recent polls show that gap between them and the Conservative government has narrowed to a mere three or four percentage points.

So it’s largely already over but for the counting of the votes.

The odds do favour this result. Many more people like Trudeau than they like either of the alternatives, Prime Minister Stephen Harper and NDP Leader Tom Mulcair.

Add to this the cardinal fact that Mulcair, for reasons not easy to pin down because he’s highly intelligent, just hasn’t connected with the Canadian public.

Harper, though, has some assets of his own. His support, while smaller than Trudeau’s, is far better distributed. One expert I quizzed reckons that if each of them won the same number of votes, Harper would win 10 more seats.

More substantive, despite Harper’s lack of warmth and empathy, events may be making him a different kind of right person in the right place at the right time.

Bad economic news, in everything from shrinking oil prices to the spending cuts now being made by all governments, provincial and municipal as well as federal, threatens increases in unemployment and a widening of income gaps.

At such times, incumbent prime ministers almost always get punished severely. Voters, though, may judge that this is the time for a tough guy at the top.

The result thus may be closer than the omens seem to suggest. If so, it’s only after the elections that the real politicking will begin.

One possibility could be a Trudeau win by a minority. Another could be a Harper win, but again only by a minority.

In fact, the consequences of each of those guesstimates would be virtually identical. Provided that the seats held by the Liberals and NDP are larger when combined than those won by Harper, he soon would be out and Trudeau would be in.

Except for one thing. His father, Pierre, was once in the same position, winning the 1972 election but only just, because the Progressive Conservatives and the NDP had more seats when combined.

Pierre Trudeau’s response was to implement every bit of legislation the New Democrats called for. As soon as the polls turned his way, though, Trudeau went out of his way to insult the New Democrats. He then arranged to lose a vote of confidence, called an election and won it with a thumping majority. NDPers have never forgiven that Trudeau for that exercise in cunning.

So, provided that my guesses are reasonably accurate, while the next election is going to be fascinating, wait until it’s ended for the real show to begin.



Richard Gwyn’s column appears every other Tuesday. gwynr@sympatico.ca 






More on thestar.com











Stephen Harper exploits public anxiety: Goar












Bill C-51 threatens to sacrifice liberty for security











We value respectful and thoughtful discussion. Readers are encouraged to flag comments that fail to meet the standards outlined in our
				  Community Code of Conduct.
				  For further information, including our legal guidelines, please see our full website
				  Terms and Conditions.
Commenting is now closed.



There are
--
comments.
Show comments.























Latest Opinion Videos




























Top News





NEW
								Suicide death watch sparks $12.5 million lawsuit against hospitalcomments



								
								
								Tories move to limit study of terror bill to just four dayscomments



								
								
								New studies provide hope (but no cure) for peanut allergy suffererscomments



NEW
								Four children die in Manitoba house fire



								
								
								Murder suspect in Little Italy shooting extradited to Canada 



								
								
								Trial for Bosma's accused killers inexplicably delayed to early 2016



Photos
								
								Three Austrian men first to get bionic hands after amputationcomments



								
								
								10-metre long mystery tunnel dug by hand, rosary found nailed to wallcomments







commercial promo





Partner ContentRhythm nation






Toronto.com: Winter Stations on the Beach






A college to corporate makeover on Mankind






Daytona: Food for those fresh from the sea






The Kit; The Charming (and Smokin' Hot) Charlie Hunnam

















Editorial Board






						
							
						

						

						Meet the Star’s editorial boardcomments




						
							
						

						

						The Atkinson Principles








The Star's Public Editor


The Star's Public Editor welcomes reader comments and complaints about news and feature content in the print and online editions. 

About the Public Editor
Recent Corrections
Report an Error








commercial promo









Most Popular





 Canada quietly tiptoes into Ukraine-Russia war: Walkomcomments




 Toronto chef Jesus Gomez makes vegetable-focused school cafeteria food kids will actually eatcomments




 Lawsuit alleges son of Tim Hortons’ co-founder sexually assaulted woman




 Deep freeze covers most of Great Lakes with icy blanketcomments




 Dry pipes are bad enough — a useless information pipeline makes it worse: Keenancomments




 What Ontario students will learn in new sex-ed classescomments




 York U tunnel yields eerie cluescomments




 Comics




Video Building tunnels takes expertise and hard work: experts comments




Video Sex education debate at Queen’s Park gets nastycomments












































Back to Mobile


 





















































thestar.com

News
Your Toronto
Opinion
Sports
Business
Entertainment
Life
Diversions
Classifieds
Site Map




 

Wheels.ca
Insurance Hotline
New in Homes
Star Store
Blogs
Contests
Lottery Results
Obituaries
Corrections
Public Editor
Behavioural Targeting
Today's News




Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd.

About
Atkinson Principles
Statement of Principles
Get Home Delivery
My Subscription
Contact Us
Contact Webmaster
FAQ
News Releases
Star Internships
Careers @ the Star




Advertise with us

Advertising Terms
Mediakit
Online Advertising
Print Advertising
Special Features




Initiatives

Santa Claus Fund
Fresh Air Fund
Speakers Bureau
Classroom Connection
Pages of the Past
Report on Community Giving




Connect with Us

RSS feeds
Twitter Updates
News Alerts
Newsletters
Mobile Devices





© Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd. 1996-2015

Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy


































