Obama and the Terrible, Horrible, No Good, Very Bad Day  
Obama and the Terrible, Horrible, No Good, Very Bad Day



   





"World's Funniest News Source"


   



Home
Cartoons

Political Cartoons

News in Cartoons
Political Cartoon Sampler
Rob Rogers
Tom Toles
Tom the Dancing Bug
Michael Egan


Political Cartoons, Foreign

Asia, Middle East
Europe
Latin America


Single Panel Cartoons

Bizarro
Avant Gauche
Berserk Alert!
Big Monkey Comic
Cartertoons
Cornered
Dr Doodle
Harley Schwadron
Mr. Brunelle Explains It All
Plan ‘B’ Cartoons
Surveillance Caricatures


User-Created Amateur Cartoons
Cartoon Caption Contest
Insight on Cartoonists
Humor Times Covers Gallery


Videos

Funny Videos
Political Humor Videos
Funny Videos Wall of Fame
User-Submitted Funny Videos


Humor Columns

Will Durst
Jim Hightower
Ripping the Headlines Today
Roz Warren
Tim Mollen
Michael Larson
Ben Krull
Argus Hamilton
Howard Zaharoff


Faux News
Reviews

Movie Reviews by Gary Chew
Book Reviews


Blogs

Editor’s Rant
Roger Freed
P. Beckert
Seen & Heard on the web
News
Insight on Cartoonists
The Town Scryer


User Fun

User-Created Amateur Cartoons
User-Submitted Funny Videos
Cartoon Caption Contest
Humor Times Polls


Subscribe
Links

Funny Links
Political Links
Other Links
Link to the Humor Times!


More

Free Newsletter
Advertise in the Humor Times
HT as Teacher’s Aide!
HT Magazine Covers Gallery
About the Humor Times

Subscribe to HT magazine!
HT magazine testimonials
List of Writers & Cartoonists
Submissions Guidelines
Link to the Humor Times!


Contact us












  Doctors Baffled by Iowa Man’s Inability to Remain Erect
  Net Neutrality Stands in the Way of Larger Corporate Profits






Obama and the Terrible, Horrible, No Good, Very Bad Day

Nov 112014

 
 By Will Durst, November 11, 2014



Democrats were forced to avert their eyes or risk anaphylactic shock
To call the grotesque drubbing suffered by the Democratic Party in the midterms “monumental” is like referring to the surface of the sun as “warm.” The scene was so grisly, acutely sensitive Democrats (most of them) were forced to avert their eyes or risk anaphylactic shock.
If you ever wanted to see numbers bleed, this was your night. Surprised no referee jumped onto the CNN set, rang a bell, and raised the Koch Brothers’ hands triumphantly in the air. The big question is how much the FCC will fine the networks for airing the election returns, thereby exposing young viewers to such grotesque brutality.
Back in 2010, President Obama described the midterm losses as a shellacking; this was more of an epic trouncing with faint overtures of catastrophic putrescence. Political junkies who stayed up late were treated to a front row seat at a world championship seal-clubbing finals. Rated ZV for zombie violence.
Yes, indeed, the world has changed, but just a little. The Senate is now controlled by Republicans, much like it was before. The House did turn a darker red and several Governorships moved into the GOP column, including Illinois, Massachusetts and Maryland, which was as expected as Tiffany eggs in a litter box. But Washington will stumble on. Grand postures will be assumed. Little will get done. Politics as usual continues.
On this night, finding liberal silver linings was tougher than a truck stop steak. Marijuana legalization passed in Alaska, Oregon and DC, and minimum wage increase propositions won victories. The lone big GOP loser was Former Massachusetts Senator Scott Brown, who ran for the same office in New Hampshire, giving him the unique distinction of being the first truck driving male model to lose 2 US Senate races to 2 different women in 2 different states. Rumors abound he is currently scouting for property in Maine and Vermont.
Many reasons were given for the democratic debacle. Dark money poured into ads at the last minute. President Obama as a third rail. Establishmentarians keeping the Tea Party down. Young people and African Americans staying home. New episodes of NICS and NCIS: New Orleans. One or the other, okay, but both?
Even amidst the carnage, the two sides did their best to make the requisite bi- partisanship noises of nice. Day after the election, soon-to-be Senate Majority Leader, Mitch McConnell, held a press conference to announce he wants to work with the president. Of course, he was hard to understand, failing to turn off the chainsaw behind his back during the press conference.
Yeah. The GOP wants to work with the president. The same way a 5 year old with a magnifying glass wants to work with ants. Like a gorilla wants to work with bananas. A ten-ton boulder falling off a cliff wants to work with windshields.
Obama should promise Republicans twice the amount of cooperation he received after the 2012 election. Because as everyone knows; 2 times zero is still zero. But despite increasing odds, the president says he is still ready and willing to fight for his agenda. As soon as he figures out what it is. Staffers boast he doesn’t know the meaning of the word “quit.” Apparently, he’s not overly familiar with the words “consensus,” “strategy” or “leadership” either.
Will Durst is an award-winning, nationally acclaimed political comic. Go to willdurst.com for more about the documentary film “3 Still Standing,” and a calendar guide to personal appearances such as his hit one- man show “BoomeRaging: From LSD to OMG” at the Marsh in San Francisco Nov 21-23 & 28-30.
Obama and the Terrible, Horrible, No Good, Very Bad Day was last modified:  November 11th, 2014 by Will DurstThe following two tabs change content below.BioLatest Posts




Will Durst
The New York Times says Emmy-nominated comedian and writer Will Durst “is quite possibly the best political satirist working in the country today.” The Humor Times says "Durst is the Sage of Satire, the Learned Lampooner, the King of Political Satire!" Check his website, willdurst.com, for upcoming stand-up performance dates. Will's books, including Elect to Laugh! A Hilarious, Common Sense Guide to American Politics are available at Amazon and better bookstores all over this great land of ours. From Ulysses Press.







Latest posts by Will Durst (see all)



The Economy: Up Is Down - February 22, 2015


Gay Marriage and the New Tar Pits - February 15, 2015


Brian Williams ‘Misremembering’ - February 7, 2015






 










  Doctors Baffled by Iowa Man’s Inability to Remain Erect
  Net Neutrality Stands in the Way of Larger Corporate Profits







  
     

More Links  Great affordable gift ideas at DHGate.com!

Click Here for Funny Jokes!
Increase site rank with Nofollow Reciprocity. 
 Cartoon Galleries! 

 Fun Stuff! Enter our Cartoon Caption Contest!
 Interesting Stuff 
 Search the Site




 Fake News Headlines 
   



 We've Got Your "Unique Gift Idea" Right Here! Give the Gift of Laughter! The HUMOR TIMES Magazine: The Gift That Keeps On Giving All Year Long!
 




© 2007-2015 Humor Times
Website created & maintained by WCM, based on the Suffusion theme by Sayontan Sinha


















