Farage on Friday: David Cameron is running scared of Ukip by ducking election debates | Politics | News | Daily Express 
Farage on Friday: David Cameron is running scared of Ukip by ducking election debates | Politics | News | Daily Express





















 

Express. Home of the Daily and Sunday Express.













Find us on Facebook


Follow us on Twitter


Check us on Google+


Subscribe to our rss feed



 



DailyHoroscope
OurApps
Top10
OurPaper
PaperArchive



Weather
11°
London, UK




 

HOME

News


Sport


Comment


Finance


Travel


Entertainment


Life & Style


Puzzles


Pics


Vids




UK
World
Showbiz
Royal
Nature
Politics
History
Weird
Obituaries
Scotland
Sunday

HomeNewsPoliticsFarage on Friday: David Cameron is running scared of Ukip by ducking election debates 
 






Farage on Friday: David Cameron is running scared of Ukip by ducking election debates
UKIP has a longer history than you might think.



Published:  19:11, Fri, January 9, 2015
By Nigel Farage, MEP











EXMEP Nigel Farage writes that voters should not be "fooled" by David Cameron After over two decades of relentless campaigning, Britain's television regulator yesterday declared that we can now consider ourselves a major party - and should be included in the leaders' debates ahead of the General Election.



            Don't be fooled by Mr Cameron's false generosity towards the Greens. He doesn't want them in the debates to be inclusive         
Nigel Farage, Ukip leader


Almost 21 years ago, I stood in the Eastleigh by-election for the UK Independence Party. It doesn't even really feel that long ago since I managed to win just a few more votes than the memorable Screaming Lord Sutch of the Monster Raving Loony Party. At the time, people told me I was more loony than him!'You can never break into this country's three-party system,' they said - adamant that the establishment had stitched it up so that no one else could bust open their monopoly and make an impact on British politics.Well, since then, and in a large part thanks to the information age that dawned in the 90s and blossomed in the 2000s, Ukip has managed to break new ground in the UK, holding the mainstream to account, without ever having had to give up our principles and become a part of it.GETTYPrime Minister Cameron has reportedly tried to turn the debates into a “bore-a-thon” The advent of the internet, or at least its gradual entry into every home, meant that people were able to fact check against what they were told by the politicians of the day. It also meant that alternative, or dissenting voices could be heard, as a more liberal medium tested the mettle of major broadcasters and newspapers.Now, more and more people are consuming the news on their smartphones and tablets, but one thing that the British public enjoyed at the last election, and will no doubt be looking forward to this time around, are the party leaders' TV debates. It's just a shame that Mr Cameron doesn't seem to want to engage. In fact - he's basically admitted that he's a chicken, running scared.Yesterday, Ofcom advice was published that stated that Ukip should be considered a major national electoral force, and that we should be involved in the TV debates. This came as a bit of a blow to Mr Cameron, who began briefing out to journalists that he would not be taking part so long as the Green Party were also not involved.But the Greens, says Ofcom, don't count as a major political force in this country. And you can understand that given that they're polling in single figures, only have one MP, and don't really have the momentum that Ukip have. They might, one day. But they currently don't. Remember, the party lost its deposit in the Rochester by-election. Ukip won.GETTYNigel Farage writes he would "debate, on national television, against any of them" And don't be fooled by Mr Cameron's false generosity towards the Greens either. He doesn't want them in the debates to be inclusive. We know that because he told one Westminster journalist that he was keen on turning the debates into a "bore-a-thon".I'm sure you'll agree, this is an incredibly cynical approach to election campaigning - and it gets worse.Not only has Mr Cameron chickened out of the TV debates under false pretences, but we learned today that he's also pulled out of the 'Bite The Ballot' initiative, which was a live streamed YouTube discussion between the party leaders and young voters. I took part in it, as did the Greens, as did the Lib Dems, as did Labour. But for some reason Mr Cameron thinks he's above it all.This is, of course, a world away from the noises he was making in 2010, when he was eager to go up against a bruised and battered Gordon Brown live on television. So who's he scared of now? Surely not Mr Clegg, who as you remember lost the European Election debates against me. Could it be Mr Miliband? Who point blank refused my challenged of a debate pre-Christmas?

Related articles




Farage on Friday: Labour are trying to turn hunting issue into class warfare



Ukip leader Nigel Farage named Briton of the Year after 'stellar' 2014



Farage on Friday: Our coastal towns will continue to grow - WITHOUT Ed Miliband's Labour



Nigel Farage condemned over Paris massacre comments


Or could it be someone else? Someone who leads a party that has made significant inroads into both Mr Cameron and Mr Miliband's vote share, simply by telling the truth, and proposing common sense solutions?It probably wouldn't be kind of me to speculate - so I leave that choice to you.As far as I'm concerned - I'll debate, on national television, against any of them, on any day of the week. Because 21 years ago, many people told me that what Ukip is doing today couldn't be done.And now Mr Cameron has seen the hard working party succeeding, he is trying his utmost to stand in the way of giving the British public a choice. 











 































 



 




 
Now 'ridiculous' EU calls for ALL vehicles to be insured even LAWNMOWERS and GOLF BUGGIES






 
Cash for access: Sir Malcolm Rifkind to step down as MP after General Election in May






 
Give Osborne pat on back for remarkable recovery say experts






 
David Cameron: My mission to give pensioners security and dignity






 
Ofgem failing consumers, blasts Tory MPs






 
As long as I'm here, I’ll protect pensioners' benefits vows Cameron






 
John Prescott drafted in by Ed Miliband to 'bash Labour heads together'






 
Race row councillor blasts Ukip for betrayal after expulsion






 
Labour 'planning a tax raid on pensions to pay for cut in university fees'






 
Conservatives will have the most MPs in next election, says Nigel Farage






 
Inside Politics: David Cameron pledges support for grammar schools






 
Inside Politics: Ukip want to define themselves as the nice party 






 
Millions set for tax cuts as Tories promise married couple relief






 
The disconnect between the people and government with their lobbyists continues to grow






 
SNP leader branded 'completely unacceptable' over call to ditch Trident amid Russia threat






 
David Cameron: We owe enormous debt to Bomber Command






 
Ukip close in on Tories in the General Election race






 
Ed Milliand 'reliant' on trade unions after they bankroll Labour £5million






 
David Cameron jokes with workers after mix-up with F1 legend






 
Labour anger at Iain Duncan Smith for suggesting Ed Miliband avoids tax









 





 
Glamorous Tory minister Esther McVey: I want to be Prime Minister






 
Anger at Channel 4 over spoof documentary Ukip: The First 100 Days 






 
We must allow good grammar schools to expand, insists David Cameron






 
Senior Labour official quits and urges voters to back Ukip






 
Miliband mocked over plans to introduce another 80,000 apprenticeships in UK






 
'We'll make jobless young do community work for dole' Cameron announces welfare reform






 
Support for Tories hits two-year high as they claim FOUR POINT lead over Labour






 
WATCH: David Cameron and Nick Clegg sing Let it Go in winter fuel poverty parody






 
Cross Bencher: Dame Dawn Primarolo giving MPs the red card






 
Tory plans for benefit cap on large families 






 
Ed Balls reveals Labour's plan to get middle England to cut deficit 






 
Labour faces quiz over wealthy donors’ tax affairs






 
Boris Johnson boosts hopes of becoming Prime Minister by renouncing US citizenship






 
Tory benefit clampdown on alcoholics, drug addicts and the obese






 
Inside Politics: Town hall threaten to curb election scrutiny






 
Inside Politics: MPs optimistic about an early EU referendum






 
Nigel Farage plea for more care home cameras to stop abuse






 
EU STANDOFF: Greek leader hits back at David Cameron over being told to end debt row






 
'Real change CAN and WILL happen in May's election' says Nigel Farage 






 
Ed Miliband ducks challenge to repeat Tory smear









 








 



SEARCH








CONNECT WITH US


Find us on Facebook


Follow us on Twitter


Check us on Google+


Subscribe to our rss feed




TODAY'S PAPER


 


                    Wednesday, 25th February 2015                

                    See today's front and back pages, download the newspaper, 
                    order back issues and use the historic Daily Express 
                    newspaper archive.
                






 News

UK
World
Showbiz
Royal
Nature
Politics
History
Weird
Obituaries
Scotland
Sunday


 Pics

Galleries




 Sport

Football
Transfer news
Rugby Union
Cricket
Tennis
Golf
F1
Horse Racing
Boxing
Other Sport




 Comment

Columnists
Express Comment
Beachcomber


 Finance

City & Business
Personal Finance
The Crusader


 Travel

Activity Holidays
Beach & Sun Holidays
Cruise
Short breaks & City breaks
Travel News




 Entertainment

Films
Gaming
TV & Radio
Books
Theatre
Music
TV Listings


 Puzzles

Horoscope
Offers
Puzzles
Competitions
Bingo
Jackpot Millions




 Life & Style

Health
Diets
Life
Garden
Food
Style
Property
Tech
Cars
Saturday
S Mag
Win
Retirement
Top 10 Facts


 EXPRESS.CO.UK

Sitemap
Site Archive
Contact Us
Advertising
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Terms & Conditions
Design by Netro42
Syndication and Licensing








Daily Star


OK! Magazine


new! Magazine


Star Magazine


Health Lottery



Northern and Shell
            Copyright ©2015 Northern and Shell Media Publications. 
            "Daily Express" is a registered trademark. All rights reserved. 
        




































 


