Article II of the US Constitution: Election & Powers of the US President | David J. Shestokas 
Article II of the US Constitution: Election & Powers of the US President | David J. Shestokas






Constitutional Sound Bites
Now on Amazon











David J. ShestokasConstitutional & Legal Educational NewsHome
United States Constitution
Declaration of Independence
Constitutionally Speaking
Constitutional Sound Bites
About David Shestokas
About This Site
Contact
Article II of the US Constitution: Election & Powers of the US President
November 6, 2012  by David J. Shestokas Filed Under: Constitution Educational Series Tagged With: article II, congress, constitution, impeachment, president, vice-presidentThe President of the United States is considered to be the most powerful individual in the world. The principal source of this power is Article II of the US Constitution.
Article II outlines term of office, the selection, the qualifications, the oath, the powers of appointment, the responsibilities and provisions for impeachment. This is done in about 1,000 words. The Constitution is a document of economy. It’s interesting that it does not say when the president’s term starts.  It was the 20th Amendment 145 years later that did that.
Article I, Section 7 defines the President’s power to approve or veto laws passed by Congress.  Article I is devoted to Congress and the passage of laws, so while Article II is the principal source of presidential power, logically, presidential interactions with Congress are also in Article I.
Creation of the Office of the President
Article II’s first section starts simply:
“The executive power shall be vested in a President of the United States of America.”
Those words created what became the most powerful office in history.  Article II, Section 1 defines the term of office (four years), election process, qualifications, succession, oath of office and impeachment.
The Electoral College
Section 1 created the Electoral College.[1] Its members (electors) actually elect the President and Vice-President. Each state has electors equal to the number of its Senators and Representatives.  This group of individuals legally cast the votes that choose the president.
In 1788, in most states the general population had little say in the selection of Electors. The state legislatures chose Electors, who then cast the Presidential votes. By 1832, all states except South Carolina provided that Electors be chosen by popular vote with the Electors pledged to vote for their state’s winner.  There is no constitutional requirement that Electors vote in that manner.  Once chosen, a member of the Electoral College may cast a ballot in favor of anyone for president.[2] The Constitution leaves the states to determine how Electors are chosen.
Originally, the person with the second highest electoral vote became Vice-President. In 1796 and 1800 the system elected political rivals to the two top offices.  As a result, in 1804 the Twelfth Amendment was ratified mandating a separate vote for Vice-President.  The Constitution failed to provide for the possibility that a person elected president might die before taking office.  The Twentieth Amendment corrected this oversight, providing for the vice-president-elect to become president.
When all states finally chose Electors by popular vote[3]  it became possible for a presidential candidate to win the vote of the people yet lose in the Electoral College.  That happened in 1876, 1888 and 2000.  This has been the source of much debate about reforming the Electoral College system.
Qualifications, Succession, & Oath of Office
There are three Presidential Constitutional qualifications. An individual must be:

A natural born citizen of the United States
Thirty-five years of age
Fourteen years a resident of the United States

The Constitution provided for the Vice-President to acquire Presidential powers in the case of death, removal or disability. No provision existed to fill a Vice-Presidential vacancy. In 1967 the Twenty-Fifth Amendment allowed a President to appoint a new Vice-President with majority approval of Congress. This Amendment established a process to deal with Presidential disabilities.
The President’s assumption of office begins with this solemn oath:
“I do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will faithfully execute the office of President of the United States, and will to the best of my ability, preserve, protect and defend the Constitution of the United States.”
The Commander in Chief, The Chief Executive, The Head of State & The Pardon Power
Article II, Section 2 delineates Presidential authority and confers the title of military Commander in Chief.  As the President commands the world’s most powerful military he is known as the world’s most powerful leader. Section 2 provides much more.
The President’s executive authority comes from the fact that, with the consent of the Senate he appoints: “ambassadors, other public ministers and consuls, judges of the Supreme Court, and all other officers of the United States”. These officials serve at the pleasure of the President (except judges, who have lifetime appointments).
The President represents the United States to other nations. This is not just ceremonial, but is practical, since the Constitution grants the power to negotiate treaties, with Senate approval.
The President has powers literally of life, death and freedom. This is the pardon power. The President can call off an execution or free someone from prison with the stroke of a pen.
The State of the Union & Faithful Execution of the Law
The President’s annual address to a joint session of Congress to discuss what is happening in the country is a constitutional obligation in Article II, Section 3. The Constitution requires that: “He shall from time to time give to the Congress information of the state of the union …”
While the President is granted great authority, ultimately the Constitution’s command is simple: “he shall take care that the laws be faithfully executed …”
The president’s duty to “faithfully execute” the law is currently part of a lawsuit by Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) agents challenging a presidential directive granting deferments from deportation proceedings to a large group of aliens who did not enter the United States legally.  The agents contend that President Obama’s directive to not enforce the law is unconstitutional and violates the Constitution’s command that the president faithfully execute the law.
In late 2013, members of Congress are introducing a resolution to sue President Obama for failure to “faithfully execute” the law by changing various laws through executive order or like the ICE agents ordering other members of the executive branch to not enforce the law.   This failure may be a breach of the Constitution and the fiduciary duty it imposes on the federal government.
Removal from office by Impeachment
The simplicity of Article II, Section 4 has caused much difficulty. “The President … shall be removed from office on impeachment for, and conviction of, treason, bribery, or other high crimes and misdemeanors.”
Legal scholars have debated as to what is a high crime or misdemeanor. As a practical matter, those offenses amount to any conduct that is agreed upon by a majority of the House of Representatives and two-thirds of the Senate.
Powers Not Granted by the Constitution
While the Constitution broadly vests executive power in the president, it does command that the laws be faithfully executed. There is no constitutional authority to exempt individuals from a law. The use of “waivers” by the Obama administration is a use of a power not granted.
Colombia Law School’s Professor Hamburger reminds us that waivers are the province of popes and kings, not presidents. The president’s authority is not unlimited, and actions outside the authority granted are subject to challenge.
Presidents have often become frustrated with Congress and threaten to exercise power to implement policy when Congress does not further a president’s agenda.  Barack Obama has indicated he will use his pen and his phone to bypass Congress.  Richard Nixon simply said: “Well, when the president does it that means that it is not illegal.”  While the president may be the most powerful individual on the planet, he is not an omnipotent king.
 Discussion of Presidential Authority and Executive Orders
President Obama has indicated that he has a “pen and a phone” that he can use to run the government.  This installment of Constitutionally Speaking addresses the authority of the president to issue legal executive orders.


 


[1] The term “Electoral College” is not in the Constitution.  In the early 1800’s, “electoral college” came into general use as the unofficial designation for the citizens selected to cast votes for President and Vice President. It was first written into Federal law in 1845. The term appears in 3 U.S.C. § 4, in the section heading and in the text as “college of electors.”


[2] State law may restrict the voting by its members of the Electoral College, but nothing in the Constitution does so. Since 1788, 156 Electors have not cast their votes for the candidate to whom they were pledged.


[3] People think they are voting for president, because the ballots indicate the names of the presidential candidates.  They are actually voting for Electors pledging to vote for a particular candidate in the Electoral College.


Comments
Media Net Banner

 

Trackbacks 


ICE Agent Lawsuit Asserts Obama Dream Act Policy Is Illegal | David J. Shestokas says: 

			November 12, 2012 at 1:27 pm 
[…] of the Congress to enact law and the president’s duty to enforce law passed by Congress.   Article II, which defines presidential power, commands that the president “shall take Care that the Laws be […]







We the People: Gouverneur Morris & the US Constitution’s Preamble | David J. Shestokas says: 

			November 15, 2012 at 10:17 am 
[…] Article II, The Executive Branch […]







Article III of the US Constitution: The United States Supreme Court | David J. Shestokas says: 

			November 18, 2012 at 5:38 pm 
[…] Constitution defines the powers of each branch.  Article I defines the legislative, or congress. Article II defines the executive, or presidency. Article III creates broad outlines for the judicial, primarily […]







Article V of the US Constitution: Amendments | David J. Shestokas says: 

			December 2, 2012 at 6:38 pm 
[…] resolution and send it to the States for ratification. The President, whose position is defined in Article II, has no official role in the amendment […]







Article IV of the US Constitution: Obligations of the States & Federal Government | David J. Shestokas says: 

			December 10, 2012 at 7:13 pm 
[…] I, II and III define the legislative, executive and judicial branches of government. The US […]







Separation of Powers in the US Constitution: 1800 Years of Thought | David J. Shestokas says: 

			February 4, 2013 at 11:48 am 
[…] articles of the Constitution are devoted to this structure: Article I, legislative, Article II, executive, Article III, […]







Byron Donalds, THE TALK Part I: What Happened in the 2012 Elections? | David J. Shestokas says: 

			March 5, 2013 at 6:44 pm 
[…] in history, Obamacare. He has violated separation of powers and the Constitution he has sworn to preserve, protect and defend on multiple occasions.[2] He did nothing for 8 hours about […]







Trying to Grasp $16 Trillion Debt: Stars, Blood Cells and More | David J. Shestokas says: 

			March 30, 2013 at 10:57 am 
[…] president adds to that $6,000,000,000,000 (6 Trillion) in new deficit every presidential term. That equates […]







American Federalism: Source, Purpose and Establishment Part I | David J. Shestokas says: 

			April 16, 2013 at 9:57 am 
[…] American Constitution separated the functions of government into three branches: legislative, executive and judicial. This separation is sometimes misunderstood to be an element of federalism. Federalism […]







American Federalism: Source, Purpose and Establishment Part II | David J. Shestokas says: 

			April 20, 2013 at 2:38 pm 
[…] Constitution’s Articles I, II and III established the legislative, executive and judicial departments.[8] The method of selection varied for each as did the terms of […]







US Constitution’s First Amendment: Right to Petition for Redress of Grievances | David J. Shestokas says: 

			September 10, 2013 at 9:11 am 
[…] Constitution’s Article I vests legislative power in Congress; Article II, the “executive Power” in a President; and Article III “the judicial Power” in […]







Article I of the US Constitution | David J. Shestokas says: 

			November 21, 2013 at 1:53 pm 
[…] its powers and prohibitions and defines relations between the federal and state governments.  Article II defines the presidency.  Article III defines the judiciary and Article IV outlines the obligations […]







An Agency Theory of The Constitution as a Power of Attorney | David J. Shestokas says: 

			December 13, 2013 at 10:47 pm 
[…] Granted to the Agent (Article I, Sec. 8 and elements of Art. II & […]







The US Constitution and Local Government | David J. Shestokas says: 

			January 7, 2014 at 3:50 pm 
[…] required presidential oath of office required of a new president before he begins his service, from Article II, Section I, clause […]







What a President Can Legally Do With a Pen and a Phone, Part I | David J. Shestokas says: 

			February 3, 2014 at 9:12 pm 
[…] principal source of presidential power is the US Constitution’s Article II.  Article II outlines term of office, the selection, the qualifications, the oath, the powers of […]







What a President Can Legally Do with His Phone and Pen, Part II | David J. Shestokas says: 

			February 5, 2014 at 3:18 pm 
[…] with President Nixon, though no other president stated the idea so bluntly.  The legal sources of Article II constitutional presidential authority are discussed in Part […]







Constitutional Impeachment: An Alternative to Assassination | David J. Shestokas says: 

			February 22, 2014 at 8:08 pm 
[…] Constitution’s Article II defines the criteria for removal of the president and other officials of the United States.  […]







Constitutional Question Resolved For a Pay Raise | David J. Shestokas says: 

			June 23, 2014 at 8:37 pm 
[…] The Constitution’s succession provision lacks clarity on several points. The presidential succession provision of Article II is: […]







US Constitution’s Twelfth Amendment: Correcting a Founding Error | David J. Shestokas says: 

			June 23, 2014 at 8:48 pm 
[…] Constitution’s Article II, Section 1, clause 3 gave each Elector two votes for President. The Vice-President would be the one […]







Howard Baker: A Profile in Courage We Need Today | David J. Shestokas says: 

			June 29, 2014 at 12:44 pm 
[…] re-elected.  He won 49 of 50 states. If not for Massachusetts,[2] Nixon would have been the first Electoral College unanimous selection by the states since George […]







Constitution’s 25th Amendment: Resolving Issues About the Vice-President | David J. Shestokas says: 

			July 21, 2014 at 12:23 pm 
[…] When the Constitution was drafted in 1787, the office of vice-president was created as an afterthought, as a solution to potential problems with the Electoral College. […]







Halbig & King, Not Just About Obamacare, But Who Makes Our Laws | David J. Shestokas says: 

			July 23, 2014 at 7:26 pm 
[…] Executive, (in this case the IRS, under the direction of President Obama) is charged to “take Care that the […]




 
Connect with Dave

About Dave
David Shestokas is the author of  Constitutional Sound Bites  and host of   Constitutionally Speaking on  America's Talk Radio Network Sundays at 5 PM EST.
He earned his B.A. in Political Science from Bradley University in 1975 and his Juris Doctor from The John Marshall Law School, cum laude, in June of 1987. In 1986-87 he served on The John Marshall Law Review. He studied law at Trinity College in Dublin, Ireland.
Mr. Shestokas was admitted to practice law before the Illinois Supreme Court in 1987, the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois in 1988, the Supreme Court of Florida in 2004, and the United States District Court for the Middle District of Florida in 2006.
Join his over 69,000 followers on Twitter .
On Facebook, join the more than 4,200 members of Dave Shestokas on the Constitution and like the pages for David J. Shestokas, Attorney at Law and Constitutionally Speaking.
Connect with Dave on LinkedIn
Join Dave's Circles on Google+
View My Blog Posts
Constitutional Sound Bites by David Shestokas





 







Categories

Civil Law (11)

Constitution and Its People (13)

Constitution Educational Series (57)

Criminal Law (17)

General Law (24)

Guest Commentary & Reflections (32)

Legal News (15)

Uncategorized (2)



Archives

February 2015 (4)
January 2015 (1)
December 2014 (2)
November 2014 (3)
October 2014 (5)
September 2014 (4)
August 2014 (6)
July 2014 (7)
June 2014 (10)
May 2014 (1)
April 2014 (5)
March 2014 (5)
February 2014 (6)
January 2014 (5)
December 2013 (5)
November 2013 (2)
October 2013 (4)
September 2013 (2)
August 2013 (3)
July 2013 (2)
May 2013 (1)
April 2013 (3)
March 2013 (5)
February 2013 (13)
January 2013 (10)
December 2012 (14)
November 2012 (9)
October 2012 (7)


Tags
amendment
article v
bill of rights
civil lawsuit
civil rights
communism
congress
constitution
contract
criminal defense
criminal law
elections
extradition
family
federalism
felony
fifth amendment
first amendment
florida
founding fathers
HHS Contraceptive Mandate
illinois
independence
last will
legal process
madison
Miranda
misdemeanor
natural law
Obama
origination
president
press
ratify
real estate
religion
search and seizure
separation of power
sixth amendment
socialism
speech
Supreme Court
voting
warrant
washington









  Recent Posts


Compact for America Solution to Article V Convention Issues According to the Founders, Part III


Compact for America Solution to Article V Convention Issues According to the Founders, Part II


Compact for America Solution to Article V Convention Issues According to the Founders, Part I


Book Review:  The Partisan Divide: Congress in Crisis


Text of Tea Party Response to State of the Union Address



Tweet with Dave!
Tweets by @shestokas


Subscribe to David


Copyright © 2015 · David J. Shestokas  · Log inFort Myers Web Design by Fuller Online Solutions





















 








