
	Red Boots. Strong Coffee. Change the World. / The Red Boot Coalition
 

	Red Boots. Strong Coffee. Change the World. / The Red Boot Coalition


























Menu




The 11 Steps
The Eleven Steps - Some Background
Step 1: We matter
Step 2: We are empowered
Step 3: We are transparent
Step 4: We are intentional
Step 5: We are open
Step 6: We are loved
Step 7: We are present
Step 8: We are joyful
Step 9: We are grateful
Step 10: We are whole
Step 11: We are engaged


About Us
Our Perspective
Our Story
Our Mission and Vision
Who We Are


Community
Join a Meeting
Start a Meeting
Red Boot Campaigns
Blog


For Kids
Step 1: We Matter
Step 2: We are empowered
Step 3: We are transparent
Step 4: We are intentional
Step 5: We are open
Step 6: We are loved
Step 7: We are present
Step 8: We are joyful
Step 9: We are grateful
Step 10: We are whole
Step 11: We are engaged
Start a Red Boot Kids Meeting


Support Our Movement
Contribute
Store


































 




















You Matter

The Red Boot Coalition is for those who yearn for a deeper and more compassionate approach in how we engage as a nation. 
Our purpose is to get beneath the labels, polarization, ideologies, anger and fear that are so prevalent throughout our nation today, by creating safe spaces for people to engage as human beings.  
Red Boot meetings, one hour in length and easily chaired by every day citizens, are based on the Eleven Red Boot Steps...our Eleven "Rules of Engagement"... that when practiced on a daily basis,  connect people in such a profound and meaningful way that dialogue becomes people-centric rather than agenda-driven.
(Scroll down for more.)

Join the movement












We Matter
RBCers are action takers. By practicing the Eleven Red Boot Steps we inspire and create communities where people and leaders engage with respect, joy and compassion.
Our hope is for a change in how we dialogue and engage as leaders in our communities, businesses...our lives.  The end result is a nation unified in our shared understanding, that 
"all people are created equal...that they are endowed by their creator with certain unalienable rights.  That among these are life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness."  











Join a meeting
Find a meeting near you and get involved with the Red Boot Movement in your community. 









Start a meeting
No meetings in your community? Be bold and start one today!









Campaigns
Like us on Facebook and Follow us on Twitter










































Downloads
Are you ready to get started changing the world? Download the full-o-love Red Boot documents of your choice right away:
Red Boot ManualThe 11 Steps
red boot Manual For Kidsthe 11 steps for kidsMeeting ScriptOne Page Description


















The Red Boot Blog










Red Boots:  On the Same Team


(This post comes in from Lisa Gray who is heading up the Red Boot Coalition in Minnesota.)
“Hey, we’re all on the same team!”
This was some sage advice given to me by my husband years ago in some long forgotten disagreement early on in our marriage. I was hell-bent on being right and this stopped me. He freely admits this advice has bit him in his backside more than once, but still it rings true.
Now is the time to say I have never been on a team of any kind. I never developed the body confidence at that crucial tweenage so consequently I never developed the skills for athletic teams and so sports teams have never ever been my thing.
But now that I have a family and I have tiptoed into advocacy work and I have started two Red Boot Meetings in Winona, MN I have become fixated on this phrase. What does being on the same team mean to my family? To my workplace? To those of us willing to become engaged in Red Boot conversations?
In last week’s Saturday morning meeting, we were discussing Step 5: We are open.  I had written a blog piece about parenthood and technology and how we have become inundated with what is right and wrong and millions of people are at our disposal to cast judgments on our choices should we choose to speak up about them.  A group member had read it and it spoke to her.
It was the choice part that got to her. It is a free country. It is a place where we do get to make decisions based on what is right for ourselves, but if we partake of this media world it becomes increasingly difficult to be open without repercussions. How can we share our fears and uncertainties without the worry of being ripped apart?
This woman went on to describe how the media doesn’t allow for the center of the bell curve. We hear this on the left and that on the right, but those of us dwelling in the middle rarely get space.
This lead to a challenging discussion about staying open rather than shutting down. It lead to wondering out loud, “If I don’t say this, who will?”  And in doing so we held a safe space for her openness and her fear.
Which brings me to why I like this philosophy of being on the same team, especially as it applies to choosing to participate in a Red Boot conversation. If you make it through the door to any one meeting it means you have showed up. You are willing. You are open in spite of your fears. In fact, your fears are welcome.
I felt honored and humbled to witness someone laying open their very real fear.
I believe we simply cannot let our fears quiet us because they are ultimately what hold us together. Our imperfections, our uncertainties, our “I just don’t know what to do!” moments are our glue and our stardust. When we gather together to reveal our hearts, we are holding tight and garnering strength in the exact moment when we let go. And this is the real power of any Red
Boot meeting.
I have, at long last, finally found my team.
 

 




February 20, 2015

                        (No comments)
                    




Yeah to the Media!


Great media coverage!!!
This pretty much made our day. To be clear the program is for both genders and all ages but since Salem Academy is for girls...well you get the picture. 
We am so inspired by the young women who are living into the 11 Red Boot Steps!!!
http://www.forsythfamilymagazine.com/a-red-boot-coalition-chapter-is-empowering-a-generation-of-courageous-young-women/


February 4, 2015

                        (No comments)
                    




OPEN LETTER TO THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES


AN OPEN LETTER TO THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES
 Dear Mr. President,
 My name is Molly Barker.
 I am the founder of an organization called Girls on the Run.  You may have heard of it.  I believe your daughters’ school has a team.
 I am writing you after having just seen your State of the Union Address.  Regardless of where Americans land on politics, policy and economics, you articulated beautifully the frustrations a large majority of us feel about the highly polarized and dysfunctional gridlock that now paralyzes, not just our government but our lives.
 You spoke from the heart.  I believe this to be true.
 This fall, I founded a program entitled the Red Boot Coalition.  (www.theredbootcoalition.org)  Our mission is to get beneath the labels, ideologies, anger and fear, by creating safe spaces for people to engage as human beings…to see the humanity of ourselves in the humanity of another.  One hour in length, the meetings are easy to facilitate (there is a very disciplined script utilized at every meeting) and are based on the Eleven Red Boot Steps.  Here is a copy.  http://theredbootcoalition.org/the-eleven-steps-some-backgr…
The content for the Eleven Steps came from insight I gained last summer.  So distressed by what I had seen and experienced with a failed attempt to address the polarization issue by engaging Members of Congress in dialogue about it,  I decided to get to the heart of the matter.   I took the entire month of August and drove from one coast to the other (and back) interviewing hundreds of Americans about “what’s underneath all the vitriol, anger and highly polarized dialogue.”
The results were just as you suggested in your State of the Union Address. We do not know each other anymore.  Face to face encounters have become fewer.  24/7 news stations, our smart phones, technology, decreasing spheres of connectedness…we are a nation of stereotypes, sound bytes, labels and ideologies.  This “us versus them” mentality is, as we have witnessed across the nation (and world) not just a political issue, but one that impacts us at a deep and often painful level.  Whether it’s race, religion, economics, sexuality, gender or politics the “us versus them” mindset is tearing us apart.
 And yet…while on my month-long journey I experienced quite the opposite.  I was able to engage with people from all walks of life about these typically volatile topics because we engaged in a way that got beneath the surface…got down to our shared humanity.  We mattered to each other.  The Eleven Red Boot Steps are, in essence, the eleven “rules of engagement” I used in each of these dialogues. Red Boot meetings utilize these same “rules of engagement’ to get to know each other again…to bring down the walls of indifference, anger and demonization and lift us up to what really matters…people.
 Red Boot Meetings are now being held in several communities across the nation.  People from all walks of life are gathering together “to matter” to one another.  I am humbled by the response and even more humbled by the willingness of people, within those rooms, to share their true selves with one another.
 The ripple effect from these meetings is only now beginning, but it is beginning.  Attendees walk away with a new understanding of those who are different or who have opposing views.  Once you engage at this deep human level, it becomes virtually impossible to demonize or minimize the “other.”
Based on the remarks in your State of the Union Address tonight, I believe that you and many others on Capitol Hill, long for a new way to engage.  I believe, because I am living it, that the vision of which you spoke tonight (and that others have called idealistic) is achievable using the Red Boot Program.
 I smile as I write this. I can only imagine what I will be labeled in writing this letter to you!  Crazy!  Idealistic! Unrealistically optimistic! And to the cynics and naysayers I shout joyfully and unabashedly, “Yes!  Yes I am!”
And so Mr. President, you and I know the current model of engagement is not working.  I have a tangible, doable, achievable solution.  I would be immensely honored and infinitely grateful to sit down over coffee, face to face, and tell you all about it.
 Sincerely,
Molly Barker, M.S.W.
Founder, The Red Boot Coalition 


January 22, 2015

                        (No comments)
                    











Read more posts on the blog  









Global elements will load here. Edit them on this page.


Global elements will load here. Edit them on this page.


Global elements will load here. Edit them on this page.


Global elements will load here. Edit them on this page.






© 2015 The Red Boot Coalition ®






 






