Oligarchs: 'End Voting, Just Let Us Bid on Candidates'  
Oligarchs: 'End Voting, Just Let Us Bid on Candidates'



   





"World's Funniest News Source"


   



Home
Cartoons

Political Cartoons

News in Cartoons
Political Cartoon Sampler
Rob Rogers
Tom Toles
Tom the Dancing Bug
Michael Egan


Political Cartoons, Foreign

Asia, Middle East
Europe
Latin America


Single Panel Cartoons

Bizarro
Avant Gauche
Berserk Alert!
Big Monkey Comic
Cartertoons
Cornered
Dr Doodle
Harley Schwadron
Mr. Brunelle Explains It All
Plan ‘B’ Cartoons
Surveillance Caricatures


User-Created Amateur Cartoons
Cartoon Caption Contest
Insight on Cartoonists
Humor Times Covers Gallery


Videos

Funny Videos
Political Humor Videos
Funny Videos Wall of Fame
User-Submitted Funny Videos


Humor Columns

Will Durst
Jim Hightower
Ripping the Headlines Today
Roz Warren
Tim Mollen
Michael Larson
Ben Krull
Argus Hamilton
Howard Zaharoff


Faux News
Reviews

Movie Reviews by Gary Chew
Book Reviews


Blogs

Editor’s Rant
Roger Freed
P. Beckert
Seen & Heard on the web
News
Insight on Cartoonists
The Town Scryer


User Fun

User-Created Amateur Cartoons
User-Submitted Funny Videos
Cartoon Caption Contest
Humor Times Polls


Subscribe
Links

Funny Links
Political Links
Other Links
Link to the Humor Times!


More

Free Newsletter
Advertise in the Humor Times
HT as Teacher’s Aide!
HT Magazine Covers Gallery
About the Humor Times

Subscribe to HT magazine!
HT magazine testimonials
List of Writers & Cartoonists
Submissions Guidelines
Link to the Humor Times!


Contact us












  President ‘Obuma’ Moons Republican Congress, Kardashian-Style
  Female Scientist Wears Dildo Strapped to Head at News Conference





[Disclaimer: This article is a "fake news" piece. Proceed at your own risk!]



Oligarchs: ‘End Formality of Voting, Just Let Us Bid on Candidates’

Nov 192014

 
 By James Israel, November 19, 2014


“The candidate with the most money wins — no need for messy voting!” — David Koch, explaining the new system, already in place.
“Americans are tired of the whole election voting process,” said David Koch, one of the richest people on the planet, after the recent midterms.
“People are sick of the negative ads, and feel their votes don’t count anymore,” Mr. Koch said, beaming with pride at this accomplishment. “The guy with the most money wins anyway, so, in the interest of helping citizens avoid this big election headache every two years, we’re proposing a new way forward,” he said.
David, along with his brother Charles, distribute more campaign cash than just about anybody, through a network of “dark money” organizations, allowed by the Supreme Court “Citizens United” decision in 2010.
Mr. Koch revealed that a brain trust of the top one-tenth of one percent richest people on the planet recently convened at Bohemian Grove in California, and decided enough was enough.
“Let us rich folk just bid on candidates. It’s really what’s happening anyway,” Koch said. “Let’s eliminate the middle man — which is all the voter is anymore.”
According to political scientist Fredly Brainfeldt, the Kochs are onto something.
“Voting every election is a useless exercise. It had value at one time, a simpler time, in American history. But ever since Citizens United, it’s just a useless formality, and everyone knows it,” Brainfeldt explained.
“A quicker and more accurate way to determine the winner is simply to decide who raised the most money. It’s foolproof, works every time,” he said.
There is one question that must be answered if this new system were to be adopted, however. What to do with all the cash raised, if it’s not spent on campaign ads?
“That’s easy,” said Mr. Koch. “Use it to implement the things we bought our politicians for in the first place.”
“For example,” he said, “this year, most of it would go toward building the XL Pipeline and destroying solar panels. Problem solved!”
Oligarchs: ‘End Formality of Voting, Just Let Us Bid on Candidates’ was last modified:  December 1st, 2014 by James IsraelThe following two tabs change content below.BioLatest Posts




James Israel
The Humor Times founder/publisher/editor/writer may wear a lot of hats, but he likes it that way. Still, his favorite job is writing fake news articles. He is also a musician and songwriter, who plays guitar, mandolin and harmonica, with several CDs to his credit.







Latest posts by James Israel (see all)



New “Deflategate” Scandal: Richard Sherman’s Ego Shrinks 10 Sizes - February 2, 2015


America Hates the Pro Bowl But Plans to Watch Anyway - January 24, 2015


Support Political Cartoons with the Humor Times Online Fundraiser! - January 16, 2015






 










  President ‘Obuma’ Moons Republican Congress, Kardashian-Style
  Female Scientist Wears Dildo Strapped to Head at News Conference







  
     

More Links  Great affordable gift ideas at DHGate.com!

Click Here for Funny Jokes!
Increase site rank with Nofollow Reciprocity. 
 Cartoon Galleries! 

 Fun Stuff! Enter our Cartoon Caption Contest!
 Interesting Stuff 
 Search the Site




 Fake News Headlines 
   



 We've Got Your "Unique Gift Idea" Right Here! Give the Gift of Laughter! The HUMOR TIMES Magazine: The Gift That Keeps On Giving All Year Long!
 




© 2007-2015 Humor Times
Website created & maintained by WCM, based on the Suffusion theme by Sayontan Sinha


















