The Economist Blames Modi and Supports Rahul as Lesser Evil in the Eve of the Indian Election 2014: A Rebuttal 
The Economist Blames Modi and Supports Rahul as Lesser Evil in the Eve of the Indian Election 2014: A Rebuttal































SOUTH ASIA








‘Knowledge is power’

































The Economist Blames Modi and Supports Rahul as Lesser Evil in 
the Eve of the Indian Election 2014: A Rebuttal 




WOMEN & SOCIETY


British Parliament's Decision 
Not To Attack Syria: Wrong 
Timing? Wrong Decision?


The Syrian Problem And 
How To Solve It


MIDDLE EAST


INTERNET


World’s
encyclopedic
knowledge
compacted
in
your 
hand









The Economist has used its circulation and opinion might, just before the 2014 elections, to influence the 
Indian voters to vote for Rahul Gandhi as a lesser of the two evils. As a result of a plan or just right timing – 
almost making it a double whammy – it received heavy Indian media coverage and the consequent intensive 
reaction. 
latter says he did not commit. Let alone the empty words of politicians that frustrates voters and yet what 
Churchill saw essential in a leader,  its seeking of a sorry in exchange for support almost sounds like cash 
for vote. Furthermore, that from a person whom it believes as one who has killed many, doesn't sound right 
by any standard. Far from a sorry, tracing 'A sorry does not make a dead man alive', if Modi has really done 
so, he should be punished 
according to the prevalent law rather than a sorry and a support from such an influential magazine. 
Strangely, akin to its not mincing of words in mixing words with opinion, it seems to have noticed Mr Modi's 
pre-election rhetoric but not the post-victory facts: stability and progress. Even then, almost showing 
selective deafness geared by the blame 
game, it fails to notice the rhetoric of 
future plans and development of India 
that Modi constantly harps about.
It 
accuses the latter 
of 
whipping up anti-
Muslim 
sentiments but it 
itself 
brings up Babri 
Masjid 
demolition incident 
to whip 
up an anti-Modi stance. Furthermore, as 
if to divide and rule, it whips up even the 
partition tragedy to project India not as a 
changed and progressive state but as a 
state afflicted with Hindu-Muslim 
animosity. Sounding 'endless', it even 
drags Pakistani terrorist attacks to keep the 
sentiment up. 
Although it shows some understanding of the corruption in India in its comparison between self-made Modi 
and the dynasty-made Congress and its young leader, it neither sees the enormous sorrow that corruption 
has brought to the 
Indians, nor does it see the danger of the latter being a novice— coaxed to the field only months ago. India 
is not Belgium, nor even France; it is in fact almost as large as the whole of Europe. Controlled, with 
difficulty, by even a renowned economist, it needs a well-experienced leader to control the party, the coalition 
and the government. 
The article is written in good English. But then, noting the word 'even' in the middle of the statement a school 
boy could do a better interpretation of what Modi said in the 'puppy' assertion than its erroneous 
interpretation brought about by inserting the word 'as'. While this addition itself is wrong, the whipping of 
sentiment through it would amount to one whipping up anti 'The Economist' sentiment by airing 
mistranslation of Indian texts by the Brits to enforce 'White man's burden'.
Despite having a permanent scribe in Delhi, it puts legal innocence of Modi not as a 
fact 
observed by its scribe but as an assertion by Modi supporters— as if it were just a 
claim. Almost aired by that fact, its other facts about Modi aren't strong either. 
Relying on heresy rather than facts, it is sure about Modi erasing evidence of his 
crime, 
but it does not seem to be sure that erasing of evidence is a major crime by itself, Indian justice system is 
independent, judges are not daft and the ruling party equally wants to gun him down.
Furthermore, with half of those killed in 2002 Gujarat riots being Hindus – killed by Modi's troops and by 
Muslims – while using 'pogrom' in this instance is not doing justice to the word, and not mentioning Hindus' 
plight is not doing justice to the families of dead Hindus, not blaming Modi or even Muslims for the Hindu 
deaths is a denial of logical thought that concludes it was a riot. Almost as a shocker to The 
Economist, this suggests the alleged sectarian anti-Muslim, Modi, actually killed his own ilk— 
the Hindus! A logical interpretation of this killing of Hindus clearly shows Modi not hesitating to 
use state machinery to kill his 'own people' to effectively quell the riot. 
With him effectively ruling over a riot-free state, in which Muslims also progressed and even freely voted for 
him, and his recent assertions tending to unite people of different faiths, ethnicities, castes, etc. under a 
futuristic vision as never before, its repeat of the slogan 'Modi is a divisive figure' isn't right. In fact it almost 
brings in 'If he divides, he divides people who believe in the media hype and who do research'. With the RSS 
seeking a civil code for all, even his association with the latter isn't so divisive.
Even if he strays from his futuristic vision as a PM, with India being dependent on Middle Eastern petrol and 
jobs, him being constrained by national and international laws like Tony Blair and Net-equipped globalised 
world ogling at his prime ministerial ways, means him causing divisional or other problems is as plausible as 
Congress winning this election. The paper expressing fear of future under his leadership is thus pure 
scaremongering. With army not treading? to take over power, Indira Gandhi getting flak for the Emergency, 
freedom of speech being cherished as in USA and election commission being impartial, even him turning 
into a dictator isn't plausible. 
With Atom Bomb stopping all wars – even making a boring world as Fukuyama says – Modi can't take India 
to war against Pakistan. Far from not knowing what Modi will do, as the article suggests, his assertions make 
it pretty clear. Although its beneficiary, Pakistani elite, alone can solve the hostility problem by lessening 
Jihadists, if Modi does what he says, through use of efficient manpower and technologies as by Israel, he 
can make infiltration futile and lessen hostility. 
Even if not good for the arms-selling West, this reduction in hostility is good news for average Pakistanis, 
who get no goodies but fear of routine bombings alone. 
While its support for a non-winning party, unlike a brilliant U-turn by the USA, shows lack of concern for its 
future, its advice given to Modi and Rahul show lack of thought about their implications. 
For example, its suggestion to choose a leader other than Modi after election does not see the greater 
tragedy of cheating of the people, ransacking of BJP offices and even killing of BJP leaders by the cheated. 
With it being a coalition victory and his associates being drenched in corruption, the paper suggesting 
victorious Rahul to step back and promote modernisation sounds farfetched. To really modernise the country, 
he has to end corruption. This means putting many leaders, 
including his family members, in jail. Expecting this lone novice to do the above is unthinkable. Instead, a 
rise of unpunished corrupt as a disaster, could easily lead India into a West-dependent state, and a burden 
to UN charity agencies. Lesser of the two evils, thus, could easily be the greater.
Like the al Qaeda and the secular rebels fighting in unison against a common enemy Assad, post-secular, 
non-divisive Congress president Sonia Gandhi's meet with the Sahi Bukhari of Jama Masjid, unifier-seeking 
The Economist suddenly finds itself aligned with the divisive latter in the fight against Modi. 
Though a huge reaction makes 'Indians don't give a damn about foreign media' wrong, like the backfiring of 
the Sonia Sahi meet, that foreign sentiment backfiring on the paper's goals may not be so wrong. 
Finally, freedom of expression is extremely important for the progress of mankind and the paper has the right 
to a free speech. But that right has limitations. Airing untruth is one of them.  Link to The Economist article
                                                                                 ----------------------------
Thanks for reading the article. Please do not forget to send us your comments



WARS




However, like the 'problematic' Indian election 
that it tries to cover, it itself is not without problems. 
Forgetting actions speak louder than words, almost 
like a teenage girl getting carried away by a star-
promising guy, or a gullible American voter 
mesmerised by Obama's rhetoric, it just seems to 
love politician's words. In this case the word 
'sorry' from the prime ministerial candidate of India: 
Mr Modi. And that too for a crime which the 



609b




Please increase volume to watch this 
lady airing amazement @ the 1 
author encyclopedia



Modi


Rahul


PHILOSOPHICAL
QUESTIONS






























WOMEN’S POWER: ITS PAST, ITS PRESENT, ITS FUTURE: FEMOCRACY


HOME |  
STYLE |  
FAQ  |  
CONTENTS  |  
AUTHOR  |  
ABOUT US   |  
LINK   |  
DL  |  
CHANNEL  |   
CONTACT US  |  
SOCIAL SITES


ALL ARTICLES |  
SOUTH ASIA  |  
WOMEN RELATED  |  I
NTERNET  |  
PHILOSOPHY   |  


NEWS |  
JOKES  |  
QUOTES  |  
VIDEOS   | 


WEB PAGES


OUR OFFERING


UPLOADED ITEMS


QUESTION
* Why are there 
so many 
articles on 
different subjects?


OUR EMAIL
kri200@womenspowerbook.org


* Why are there
so many 
accounts 
on 
Twitter?


QUESTION






SAARC Leaders Meet in 
Delhi: Did Modi And Sh-
arif as Democrats Tran-
scend Borders to Unite 
Against The Pak Army?


The Economist Blames 
Modi and Supports 
Rahul as Lesser Evil in 
the Eve of the Indian 
Election 2014: A Rebuttal


Why Muslims in India 
Should Vote for 
BJP/Modi For 
Their Betterment


A Modi victory would 
bode ill for India, say 
Rushdie,  Bhabha et al. 
in The Guardian 
- A Rebuttal


Sexual Revolution Plus: 
AJoyous Or Fearful Ev-
entFor Women In The 
Developing Countries 
Like India And Pakistan?


Kashmir Has Benefited 
Its Elite: Is Kashmir A 
Sweet Poison That 
Pakistan Needs To 
Deal With?


Why do Indians Resent 
The Coverage of Modi 
by The Western Media 
Houses Like CNN, The 
Economist, BBC et al?


Like The Iranian Islamic Revolution 
The Indian Elections 2014 Win by 
The BJP Was a Hindu Revolution: 
The Why, The Need & The Effect























More articles on South Asia


Mr Modi Becoming The 
Next Prime Minister of 
India: Can He? 
Should He?


How Did The BJP/Modi
Manage to Get a Land-
slide Victory in The
2014 Elections in India?









Recent UK Riots: Is The 
French Revolution’s Pro-
duct‘Right of Man’ – At 
Fault











Heavy Drinking & Early 
Death Rise Among Eld-
erly.Can Faith Help?


Has Humanity Failed? 
DoWe Need The Fear of 
GodTo Keep Us Civilzed 
& Happy?


ALL ARTICLES


*Is Britain’s Parliament-
ary System of Democra-
cy Ideal?


Has Humanity Failed? 
DoWe Need The Fear of 
GodTo Keep Us Civilzed 
& Happy?


*Will There Be a Clash of 
Civilizations With Islam?


*Did the Chinese Civiliz-
ation Contribute to the 
Modern World?


*Did Sigmund Freud 
Contribute to The Mod-
ern Civilization?


*Did the British Empire 
Contribute to the Format-
ion of Modern Civilization?


Freedom Of Expression:
What Should Limit It
And What Shouldn’t?









ALL ARTICLES ON WOMEN


Rape Epidemic: Causes, 
Facilitators,Types, Epidem
-iology and Prevention 
of This Modern Disease


Sexual Revolution Plus: A
Joyous Or Fearful Event
For Women In The Devel-
oping Countries Like
India And Pakistan?


*Sexual Revolution Bro-
ught STD And Social 
Change:  Is Our World 
Becoming A Fearful 
Place?


*Why The New York Times 
Reporting On Straus-Kahn 
Case Is Bad Reporting?


*Have Women Contributed 
to the Formation of 
Modern Civilization?



























*Is Twitter, Facebook or 
Google+The Best Social 
Networking Site For Your 
Message Spread?


*How to Get Massive 
Traffic to Your Beautiful 
site?
 


Do We Need Anonymity 
For Surfing Like The Laws 
For Phone Tapping?


*Is Twitter Useful to 
Promote Websites 
That You Have Tried 
Hard to Make?


*Does First Page Google 
Ranking Bring Massive 
Traffic To Your Beautiful 
Website?


ALL ARTICLES







DIFFERENCES BETWEEN SEXESPAST CIVILIZATIONPRESENT CIVILIZATIONFUTURE CIIVILIZATIONSTYLE AND FLOW OF THE BOOKAMBITION DIFFERENCES ESSAYARTICLESVIDEOSPODCASTS





