The 2015 Election Digest — The Case for and Against the Candidates — Medium The 2015 Election Digest — The Case for and Against the Candidates — MediumReady to publish?Change the story’s title, subtitle, and visibility as neededMijeroh Tialobi6 min readVisibilityFeaturedClosePublish changesSign in / Sign upMijeroh Tialobi on Feb 26 minRead nextThe author chose to make this story unlisted, which means only people with a link can see it. Are you sure you want to share it?Yes, show me sharing optionsThe 2015 Election Digest — The Case for and Against the Candidates Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Share by emailThe 2015 Election Digest — The Case for and Against the CandidatesNigerians love to discuss politics at the best of times and the debate in the run up to the upcoming presidential election has not disappointed. On February 14th, Nigerians will be charged with the task of choosing between the two main candidates, the incumbent, Goodluck Jonathan of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) and challenger Muhammadu Buhari who leads the All Progressive Congress (APC) party. The debate about where the parties stand on key policy battlegrounds continues to be well exercised on social media and elsewhere. Boiled down, the tests for the candidates will rest on what each can bring to the table with respect to the questions of corruption, security and leadership of Nigeria. With much of the debate already played out it is worth reviewing some of the sticking points.Corruption in Nigeria is historical and well documented. In 1983, Shehu Shagari’s civilian government, perceived to be rampantly corrupt, was brought to an end by a popular and widely welcomed military coup. It saw the APC leader, Mr Buhari, a Major General in the army at the time, installed as the military Head of State. During his spell in office, Mr Buhari spearheaded widely publicised imprisonment of allegedly corrupt members of the Shagari administration and took drastic action to prosecute, crime, drug smuggling and fraud, which were thought to be related. Today, Mr Buhari has an undeniably substantial amount of supporters who see him as an incorruptible man of integrity owing, in large parts, to his actions then. This has proved a key selling point for the APC party.Persuading the public that it has the right man and policies for tackling corruption is rather more problematic for the PDP. President Jonathan has not made the job for his campaign team any easier either. His pardoning of a former colleague and friend, the ex-Bayelsa state Governor, Diepreye Alamieyeseigha, convicted of stealing millions of dollars from his state account is a case in point. Presidential adviser Doyin Okupe, explaining the decision, said of Mr Alamieyeseigha, who was released just two days after he was sentenced:“He was tried, jailed and dispossessed of his property. He has been remorseful. … There’s no law against the granting of pardons to any criminal.”That highly damning shamble aside, so far, PDP’s best line of defence on tackling corruption has relied on challenging the opposition to provide evidence of guilt and attacking Mr Buhari’s anti-corruption record. Accusations, for example, that $20 billion had apparently vanished, from the accounts of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation which was thought to have been funnelled into funding PDP’s election campaign, have all but been dismissed with “prove it”.On Buhari,’s record of fighting corruption, the PDP claims his supporters suffer a selective, if not romanticised, recall of how effective and successful the APC leader was. Mr Buhari’s fight against corruption, they argue, was nothing short of a witch hunt. Individuals, they claim, were scapegoated, humiliated, arrested, detained, imprisoned and, ultimately executed, often, with little or no evidence of corruption except hearsay. The exercise, the PDP stress, achieved and changed nothing, serving only as propaganda.Nigeria is currently faced with a security crisis which, some claim, has placed it in the most precarious position since the civil war ended in 1970. The actions of Boko Haram insurgents in the north east of the country, has been the subject of many national and international news headlines. Criticisms, from home and abroad have been levelled at President Jonathan’s handling of the crisis, often seen as ponderous and ineffectual. With this in mind, Mr Buhari’s former experience and reputation as a strong military figure has put him in the ascendency.Caught out by Mr Buhari’s appeal on security some PDP supporters have sought to exploit what are already deep seated suspicions held by the Christian south that Mr Buhari is, himself, a Muslim fanatic. Rumours casting Mr Buhari as a Boko Haram sympathiser and apologist, have not failed to be circulated by President Jonathan’s supporters. Countering, the APC have sought to highlight the distinction between the moderate Sufi tradition of Islam practiced by the APC leader and the more orthodox Salafist tradition practiced by the Boko Haram insurgents. They struggle to point out that Mr Buhari has not only put on record his opposition to Boko Haram but has been the subject of an assassination attempt by the same group.Indeed, Mr Buhari has committed to ending the Boko Haram insurgency within months if elected. However, not everyone is convinced about his ability to tackle the problem, within the given time frame, nor the ease with which it is expected to be accomplished. Those with more specialist knowledge of the Boko Haram threat say the problem is more complex and endemic. Their view is that many of Nigeria’s extremists groups are, more often, financially motivated. Lack of local government accountability, failing infrastructure, lack of jobs and entrenched poverty, they further claim, play a greater role in sustaining recruitments. Consequently, any long term solution to the Boko Haram insurgency, it has been argued, must involve addressing the gross underinvestment in many of Nigeria’s northern states, alongside any measures to tackle Boko Haram by military intervention.The question of who is best placed to lead Nigeria in other policy areas such as education, the economy, jobs, development and infrastructure, international affairs, democracy, puts President Jonathan in a slightly more favourable position. PDP supporters are able give, even if limited, a list of achievements in any one of these areas without fear of APC supporters presenting similar or greater legacy achievements by Buhari.On leadership in promoting democratic policies and systems, in particular, it is probably more accurate to say Mr Buhari’ loses more points than he gains. His liberal use of highly undemocratic extra-judicial powers during his renowned 1983 anti-corruption campaign still haunts the memory of a weary few. Compounding his problems, just months, after more than 1000 were killed in religious riots over the proposed introduction of Sharia in Kaduna, Buhari reportedly gave a speech in August 2001, to the Supreme Council of Sharia in Nigeria, in which he said:“I will continue to show openly and inside me the total commitment to the Sharia movement that is sweeping all over Nigeria… God willing, we will not stop the agitation for the total implementation of the Sharia in the country”.Buhari is not known to have brought a single case of libel against any of the media outlets that carried his comments. Given, as already alluded, the suspicions of the Christian south about Buhari’s Islamist agenda the speech, it’s been contended, amounted to political suicide. It called into question, if we ignore for the moment his poor diplomacy and judgment, Mr Buhari’s appreciation and understanding of the Nigerian Constitution. This, of course, is important because, whether overtly or covertly pursued, Buhari’s declared interest is acutely controversial for a would-be president of any democratic nation.The Nigerian Constitution has a democratic and secular underpinning which makes provisions for a multi-ethnic and multi-religious state. In other words, a nation in which religion is kept separate from the business of the state. Secularism, in a modern world, not only promotes the freedom of individuals to practice the religion of their choice but, equally, seeks to protect, perhaps more importantly, the rights of religious minorities so to do. In what might be described as a flagrant disregard for the spirit, if not the letter, of the Nigerian Constitution, the state parliament of, at least, 12 northern states have since moved to introduce Sharia Law as part of their local judiciary.The trend has not gone unnoticed by the international community either. Nina Shea, a commissioner on the United States Council on International Religious Freedom (USCIRF), commenting on the situation, is reported to have said “the push towards Sharia serves as a battleground for Christians and Muslims over religious freedom”. Extremists like the Boko Haram group, she further added, “want to ensure strict fundamentalism in Nigeria’s laws” the success of which, she concluded, “could plunge the African nation into an abyss of self-destruction”.In failing to declare his views on Sharia and how that might be expressed by his administration, Mr Buhari has left an ominous vacuum of information which can only be filled by speculation. Unsurprisingly, war against indiscipline (WAI) type of jokes and cartoons are already making the rounds on social media about Buhari banning, for example, alcohol consumption and women from wearing trousers or makeup.However elusive the facts are about both leaders what is beyond question is that the debate has helped place the candidates into two distinct camps: a liberal government, led by the incumbent, President Goodluck Jonathan, and a conservative government, led by Mr Muhammadu Buhari. Whatever the outcome of the vote, the 2015 election will be remembered as the most widely debated in the history of Nigerian politics to date. This will be thanks, in many ways, to the social media generation.RecommendRecommendedBookmarkBookmarkedShareMoreWritten  on Feb 2 byMijeroh TialobiBiomedical Scientist. Advocate of a progressive and democratic Nigeria. Vehemently against a backward thinking Nation.FollowFollowing