An American Tidal Wave with Conservatives 

An American Tidal Wave with Conservatives







Conservative Report Radio!

Welcome to Conservative Report
Contact Conservative Report


Breaking News

Investigations

Benghazi
Syria
Anonymous
Neal Rauhauser


US News

Congress
Senate
Barack Obama


Elections
Global News
Editorials


Foreign Policy

Military Affairs

War
Terrorism


European Union
Human Rights

Immigration


United Nations

Russia
Iran
China
Israel


Communism

Global Warming




Economy

National Debt
Labor Unions
Housing
Obamacare
Energy

Cap and Trade




Culture War

Constitution
Pro-Life
TEA Party

Tax Reform
Gun Control
War By Women


Socialism

Class Warfare


Education

History


Religion

Faith




Media Watch

Mainstream Media
Attack Watch
Politics
Social Media
Enemy List
Lie Agenda


Entertainment

Baseball
Football
NASCAR
Satire
Reviews


 


























 

 



An American Tidal Wave with Conservatives 

 

Only one thing is certain in politics: absolutely nothing.  Pollsters sample voters and pundits rail on with their predictions and supposedly expert opinions but, in the end, what happens is left up to voters with varying political philosophies who base their votes often on sound bites and poll tested phraseology.  
That being said, however, election season can offer some hints at the way the wind is blowing and a couple of Florida elections held Tuesday certainly offer good news to Conservatives.  After all, we’ve never had a situation in recent American history where one party has pushed such a far-reaching program as Obamacare with no minority support and with such increasing animosity by the citizenry against it. Could these out of sequence elections in Florida be an advance warning of a Conservative wave next November or are they just isolated election results?
Congressional District 13 which represents a portion of the St. Pete-Pinellas County area offers some interesting hints.  David Jolly, a little known first time Republican candidate, having weathered a bruising primary and facing a much better known and better financed Democratic candidate, successfully kept the district in the Republican column.  Now Debbie Wasserman Schultz said that the election showed weakness since a deceased Republican Congressman was replaced by a man from his own party, but candidate Jolly had a huge mountain to climb.
Alex Sink, the former Democratic nominee for Governor who lost that race to Rick Scott in 2010 by only fifty thousand votes, had name recognition and a three to one edge in campaign funds with heavy support from the national party apparatus.  The main stream media pundits were even calling this a sure bet for the liberal Ms.Sink although they followed after the results by taking an opposite tack, presuming that their watchers wouldn’t remember.  Oh, they remember and that is one of the reasons why the MSM is losing so much market share.
So how did Representative-Elect Jolly pull off the victory?  Simply put, he stayed on message, not allowing his opponent to pull him in the “weeds’ by trying to change the subject.  He clearly pegged Sink as a Obamacare supporter and he never faltered in his position that the program needed to be dismantled.  And although not mentioned in the media today, he also presented a viewpoint of opposition to amnesty, putting border security clearly the most important aspect of immigration in dealing with a government that doesn’t want to protect her border.
So Mr. Jolly now heads to Washington while he will also have to immediately get ready for another election in November since he is merely in office for the remainder of the late Bill Young’s term.  He should feel prepared, however, since he was successful in capturing the independent voters who made up twenty-five percent of the voters and which should give him a good edge in November. Congratulations and best wishes are in order and a sincere hope that he maintains his strong political positions against the RINO Establishment pressure that will certainly be applied in an attempt to modify his views.
Meanwhile, about one hundred and fifty miles to the north, a local election was taking place which shows that conservative values can win even in a decidedly liberal town.  In Gainesville, home of the University of Florida and a progressive bastion in otherwise conservative North Florida, two out of three Conservative Republicans were elected to the City Commission and a third made it to a runoff next month.  Should the third candidate, Annie Orlando, survive the runoff and join first term Mayor Ed Braddy and victors Todd Chase and Craig Carter in office, city government will have a Republican majority on the commission for the first time in many years.
So how did they do it?  Well, Gainesville has a huge problem with a biomass energy plant which was “jammed down the throat” of citizens by the former liberal commission and citizen energy costs have spiked exponentially.  The conservative candidates stayed on script, constantly hammering the need for a balanced approach to energy with appropriate use of fossil fuels and the result was a clearly winning strategy.
What can be learned from these two elections?  First, Conservatives can win elections in areas not always friendly to them if they address their message to the needs of the voters who are concerned about the future and secondly, they must keep their message clearly on focus at all times.  They can’t allow the MSM and the pit bull Democratic operatives to bait them into going off into subjects that open them up to making mistakes.  Discipline, clarity and a simple explanation of how freedom, individual initiative and reduced interference by government can result in a better America works every time it is offered.
America is a center-right country, not left leaning, but often good candidates lose their focus and get pulled into traps that have been deliberately set.  Always remember that the media will never be neutral, they will routinely look for ways to force an error and smart and worthy Conservatives must never give them an easy opening.  A well thought out conservative message which is then used as a baseline for legislation after the election is over will always be a winner.
If it can be done in St. Pete and Gainesville it can be done anywhere.  Take heart, Conservatives, and let’s “git ‘er done”.

 Share This:Click to share on TwitterShare on FacebookClick to share on RedditClick to share on PinterestClick to share on TumblrClick to share on StumbleUponClick to share on Google+Click to share on LinkedInClick to email this to a friendMoreClick to share on PocketClick to print

Related
Tags: conservativesDebbie Wasserman SchultzObamacare 
Next Dems Pull All-Nighter Over Climate Change BS
Previous Palin: Establishment’s Worst Nightmare





			Logging In...		

Thank you for reading. Feel free to leave a comment below. Team Conservative Report Cancel reply








3 Replies
0 Comments
3 Tweets
0 Facebook
0 Pingbacks




Last reply was 5 months ago 




@dwcbubba 




View


11 months ago



RINOs & Dems Fear the Rising Conservative Tidal Wave #paperli http://t.co/HeirP354Ot


Reply 







@Glennjbourgeois 




View


11 months ago



RINOs & Dems Fear the Rising Conservative Tidal Wave http://t.co/ZuoGU7Kj52


Reply 







@yojudenz 




View


5 months ago



RINOS & Dems Fear Conservative Tidal Wave http://t.co/1Kg7BYUTGF


Reply 

















Report Data



Standard
by James Dick 
12 months ago 
3 Comments
A, Conservatives, Elections, House of Representatives, James Dick, Mainstream Media, Obamacare, USAF
 conservatives Debbie Wasserman Schultz Obamacare

Conservative Report Radio Click to Listen!!
Subscribe to Conservative Report 4 Free!

Join 30,000 other subscribers



					Email Address				






















 Thanks for reading!
Conservative Report

 

 



 Conservative Reports 

Ted Cruz on the Media: Always on Offense


Armageddon: Nothing but Fear Itself?


#Israel: Obama Exposes DEMS Anti-Semitism


#RE2PECT: Derek Jeter, Class Act of Pro Sports


Conservative Search

Search for:



The CRO’s Nest@Conserv_Report on BREAKING! Bush No Longer President@Conserv_Report on Ted Cruz on the Media: Always on Offense@Conserv_Report on Pope Stands #4Life! Priests on #SCOTUS Fast Track 
CRO Vault 2014Ted Cruz on the Media: Always on OffenseBowe Bergdahl Case & Obama's PentagonPope Rejects Gay Marriage: Disfigurement & BetrayalSource of Freedom: Jesus Christ is BornNSA, Illegal Wars: Obama's ISIS & al-Qaida AlliesBenghazi Hearing: Rice, Clinton & ARB RefutedTrust in Big Media at All Time LowCODE BLUE: Veterans Opt-Out Choice, STATEx-CIA Thunderstruck by Vets for #BenghaziBenghazi Bombshell! Valerie Jarrett, Commander in Chief#TXgov Rick Perry & Ted Cruz Stand For Life#Benghazi: State Dept FUNDED & TRAINED Ansar al ShariaGreat Recession: Fannie & Freddie's Subprime Theft 
 










 Contact Conservative Report 
 



 About Conservative Report
 



 ConservativeReport.Org 
© 2015 All Rights Reserved
 

 




 Apprise Theme powered by WordPress











Send to Email Address

Your Name

Your Email Address



Cancel

				Post was not sent - check your email addresses!			

				Email check failed, please try again			

				Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.			
















