Dems Send Threatening Letters Before Election Day: We’ll Know If You Didn’t Vote - Fox Nation 
Dems Send Threatening Letters Before Election Day: We’ll Know If You Didn’t Vote - Fox Nation

 










Fox News
Fox Business
Fox News Latino
Fox News Go
Fox News Radio
Fox Nation
Fox News Insider




Login




Account


You're logged in as Account

Profile
Logout













Fox Nation









 





Breaking News WATCH LIVE: House Hearing on Obama's Executive Actions on Immigration


 











AP 

Dems Send Threatening Letters Before Election Day: We’ll Know If You Didn’t Vote



Facebook
Twitter
  Share
  Email





By Carl Campanile and Natalie O'Neill, NY Post
Democrats are telling voters that they had better head to the polls — or else.The New York State Democratic Committee is bullying people into voting next week with intimidating letters warning that it can easily find out which slackers fail to cast a ballot next Tuesday.“Who you vote for is your secret. But whether or not you vote is public record,” the letter says.“We will be reviewing voting records . . . to determine whether you joined your neighbors who voted in 2014.”It ends with a line better suited to a mob movie than a major political party: “If you do not vote this year, we will be interested to hear why not.”The letter and accompanying post card was criticized even by party members, with one Democratic consultant saying it was the wrong way to inspire votes.“It’s a threatening letter. It’s a scare piece that is unnecessary and inappropriate,” the insider said.Brooklyn and Manhattan residents who received the note Wednesday were furious, calling it an attempt to browbeat them into showing up at the polls.“I’m outraged. Whether I vote or not is none of your business!” said a Manhattan voter, who was so incensed that she complained to a local Democratic leader.“The letter is ludicrous and menacing,” said the voter, who requested anonymity. 

 


Sound Off on Fox Nation

read more at nypost.com→

0 comments


  
  







 






Get Our Daily Newsletter

















 





Pic of the Day


Behold the 'Ice Volcano'

FOX NEWS INSIDER - Despite winter maintaining ...
 







Tweets from @foxnation/twitter-brigade





Fox Nation Libraryview all ›

By Bill O'Reilly
Killing Patton
 





America's Talking™
All Opinions Welcome
The Fox Nation is for those opposed to intolerance, excessive government control of our lives, and attempts to monopolize opinion or suppress freedom of thought, expression, and worship.
Mission Statement  ›
 



 









Fox Nation

This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. © 2015 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved.

Terms of Service•
Privacy Statement•
Ad Choices•
Contact Us


Store
Library
Archives

 




