MODERN WORLD HUB: How Did The BJP/Modi Manage to Get a Landslide Victory in The 2014 Elections in India? 
MODERN WORLD HUB: How Did The BJP/Modi Manage to Get a Landslide Victory in The 2014 Elections in India?
































































Out of author's 4 hubs, this hub looks at the contemporary world and includes discussions on politics, terrorism, sex and more. In addition, it doesn't miss the relation of this Modern World to its past - that made it, or the future that it is making.




















Empowerment Through Knowledge





The THREE sites that will empower you in their own ways: WomensPowerBook.org : Mainly empowers women but men too. WomensPowerHub.Com : Empowers both sexes through ‘Knowledge is Power'. TopMostShop.Com : Empowers your website publishing experience.













Modern World Hub is one of the Quadri-hubs (Women's Power Hub- Web Promotion Hub- Modern World Hub- Sports Power Hub)  of Dr K N Bastola, reflecting his encyclopedic work 'Women's Power: Its  Past, Its Present, Its Future: Femocracy' that discusses about the past, present and future of mankind, in a single volume containing 150  subjects. 














































































Follow @WomensPowerBook
Follow @WomensPowerHub

Follow @revolutionshub

Follow @FutureWorldHub

Follow @ModernWorldHub

Follow @FaithAtheismCen

Follow @eTopMostShop













































Sunday, 1 June 2014







How Did The BJP/Modi Manage to Get a Landslide Victory in The 2014 Elections in India?









The Historic Victory
The BJP/Modi has won India's general elections 2014. It has been termed a
landslide victory. Leaving the Congress to do the job of reflection, it went
for a celebration.


But then, while the results surprised both the BJP and the Congress by the
scale of the victory, it surprised pollsters with the correctness of their
predictions (after getting it wrong twice before). By ending normalised
coalition politics and the canvassing on the lines of cast, ethnicity and
creed, and beginning assurance of development for all and use of technology, it
also created history.


The Mission Impossible:
With the Congress ruling over most of the post independence period and
therefore having both the knowhow to win elections and the organization with
deep roots in the voting villages, the question arises 'How did the BJP bring
about this landslide?'

The Factors That Helped
Although, Modi factor was obvious and everybody gave him the credit for the
victory, there were multiple facts that acted in a synergistic way towards the
outcome.
1. Narendra Modi:


Despite coming from the end where he was the focus of media vilification,
Modi, amazingly, almost became as liked as the much loved John F Kennedy of
USA. The peculiar thing about him and his ways was that almost all people
identified with him, in some way. For the lower cast he was of a lower cast,
for the hardliners he was an avowed Hindu leader, for the older voters he was
old, for the young he was a technophile, for the poor he was a tea seller, for
democracy lovers his climb represented the beauty of democracy, for the
anti-cast fighters he was a man who climbed up in the Brahmin party and for the
Muslims he was one who offered development (the virulent accusation of 2002
riots became 'let bygones be bygones').


He not only brought about a personality to identify with, he gave hope for a
developed, corruption free and globally competing India. In addition, while his
family lack made his corruption free slogan believable, his proclaimed Gujarat
achievements and not general but state specific programmes made his futuristic
vision trusted. And when he threw well designed, articulated and tuned gybes,
realities and plans in a well coordinated body language his speeches were as
mesmerising as that of President Obama. He even articulated the latter's 'yes
we can'.


And when he criss-crossed the whole country - almost like the Adi Sankaracharya-and
familiarised himself with the people of all states, he also delivered the above
package darning local dress and topping his speeches with local languages.
While his calmness after a blast in his Bihar meet showed how cool a leader he
was, his 4 speeches a day marathon without fatigue or illness while
criss-crossing India showed how warm his blood was.


Although, not quite as vociferous against corruption as the AAP party, with
the Congress being riddled with corruption and having a perceived foreigner at
its helm, its 'Congress less India' carried the emotions of 'Quite India' of
the Raj times. Sending gybes against a ruling dynasty, itself had the colour of
a revolution. In totality, his impact was enough to create a wave in many parts
of India.

More Factors
2. The Hindutwa Force: 


Utilizing their established branches, the Hindu organizations like the RSS
and VHP, and Ramdev and other religious forces were essentially used as hidden
teeth - infusing Hindutwa all the way. With their help BJP was able to utilise
the pulling power of Hindutwa that it itself couldn't and reach states, where
it dint have offices or workers. No wonder, after the elections BJP stalwarts
thanked the RSS/VHP, Ramdev and the others involved for their great help.
3. The Aam Admi Party:


Although AAP dint patent transcending of cast, creed, ethnicity and language
in politics, its Delhi election ways was praised even by its opponents. It
dominating media dint help the BJP but its use of lettered caps, social media
and door to door campaign certainly made BJP a copy cat. Fighting for a clean
government; although it was feared to slice BJP votes and produce a hung
parliament, it sliced the Congress' Muslim vote bank more. BJP became the de
facto beneficiary.
4. The Use of Technology: 


Getting the stimulus from AAP and ways from Obama, BJP used social media and
the mobile text messaging to the till. Like AAP, it also had a dedicated NRI
force that volunteered to support it; even landed from the West. And when a
Congressman, Mr Aiyar suggested that Modi should sell tea and Ms Irani wanted
to turn the table onto its head, merging technology and tradition Modi did
exactly that; he started 'Tea stall chat'. Although abandoned later, reaching
millions, it did bring dividends. The 3D airing not only reached millions
easily and cost effectively, and created history, it brought the dividends of
an amplified 'Modi equals development'.

Even More Factors
5. The Winning Strategy:


Unlike the just aiding Muslim vote bank, if created, a Hindu vote bank could
bring a party directly to power. A great temptation indeed! But then, with Ram
mandhir slogan that worked once, only bringing 'communal', 'untouchable' and
'threat to secularism' that could divide the Hindus, it did not overtly touch
it - not even the H word. Avoiding that and yet trying to reap the benefit of
both (development and Hindutwa) or as having a cake and eating it too, it
brilliantly divided its ways into showing and biting teeth. While the showing
teeth vociferously harped development visions and said no to religion till the
last days (picture of Ram at Ajodhya meet) and thus avoided secularist's ire,
biting teeth aired Hindutwa. In the later case, while as an unspoken
advertisement it relied on Modi's hardliner Hindu image and as a mild assertion
it put the Ram temple in the last pages of its manifesto, as a major act it let
loose a full blown Hindutwa through the RSS/VHP cadres. The strategy, not only
safely answered 'How to bring all Hindus together?', as a bonus it even brought
Muslim support.


And when the tracing of Agatsya Rhishi and wondering South dint work, lady
from the East showed darkness than sun rays and need for post poll support
couldn't be entirely excluded it amazingly did a pre-poll alliance with some of
the rest. Although a leader, Nitish Kumar, left the coalition to see disaster
later, the formed pre-poll coalition is claimed to be numerically at the top.


And when tiensel-town's strength was seen like a movie parallel to India
being Bollywood mad, while BJP/Modi called and gave tickets to its stars, Modi
met the big ones that mattered more.


Although it dint come up with an intelligent answer to why Modi was standing
from two constituencies- Banaras and Vadodara - tracing the teaching 'Road to
Delhi goes through UP and Bihar' and 'cultural capital of India', BJP rightly
made him candidate for Banaras, where faith (Hindutwa) and development merged
and benefited accordingly.

The
Final Factors

6. The Media:

Though the Indian media feasted on
the vilification of Modi for more than 10 years, like a wise man, he gave
credit to the fourth pillar of democracy with a 'You made me known to people'.
But then, with it aiding his exposure and their TRP, Modi's crowd pulling
charismatic speeches made him a foe turned friend for the media. Suddenly,
except for the slice taken by AAP, Modi's lion share of TV exposure even made
the Congress jealous. And when he gave interviews to answer 'he doesn't
interact', forgetting Napoleon's fear of reporters, almost amounting to a
timely revenge, he chastised the scribes for not doing their homework but
rather relying on 'he said -she said'. His 'I have answered that many times' to
the 2002 issue gave proof for both the reporter's deficiency and his innocence
of 2002 riots. And when he wasn't rebuking, his colleagues sensitively answered
accusations not answered in the party's social media pages. And when he was
accused of crony capitalism, businessman Adani amazingly appeared to say he
only had 35% asserts in Gujarat, and then disappeared.

7. The Congress Party: 

Being used to victories by offering
populist programmes just before elections, as a good planner, Congress was not
only ready with Lokpal bill and the freebies for the poor, it was in the verge
of announcing Rahul's name as the PM candidate after the next Congress meet. As
planned, appearing different from the corrupt government, Rahul was even shown
to be an angry young man, who would change the establishment. But then, almost
as a response to the unified advice of its state delegates in the meeting as
'We won't win and let's not sacrifice Rahul', the planned baptism got
cancelled. While as 'Results out' it heralded the Congresses' defeat in the
election (not necessarily BJPs victory), as deflated ego it also heralded the
beginning of the fall of Congress. In addition, Its stalwarts shying away from
contesting - compelling Sonia's calls - aired its unwillingness, even to fight
the election. Its lack of will, coordination, tactic and coherent leader- till
the late arrival of Indira Gandhi reminding Priyanka - formed a weak opponent.
This greatly helped the BJP.

Finally
When all these came together in a synergistic way, Congress had no chance.
And when, the 3rd front even failed to take birth, Modi/BJP created history by
gaining a landslide victory in the 2014 elections.




Posted by



Dr K N Bastola




at

00:20











Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest





Labels:
BJP and Congress,
India and Pakistan,
Indian elections 2014,
Indian PM Modi,
landslide victory for Modi and BJP,
Modi and India,
Modi the PM of India,
South Asian countries,
VHP RSS factor







No comments:







Post a Comment
























Newer Post


Older Post

Home




Subscribe to:
Post Comments (Atom)
























MAIN ARTICLES :
WOMENS POWER HUB
MODERN WORLD HUB
WEB PROMOTION HUB
SPORTS POWER HUB











ALL FOUR HUB ARTICLES

MODERN WORLD HUB:Is Twitter, Faceook or Google+ The Best Social Networking Site For Your Message Spread?Sexual Revolution Brought STD And Social Change: Is Our World Becoming A Fearful Place?Sexual Revolution Brought STD And Social Change: Is Our World Becoming A Fearful Place?Why The New York Times Reporting On Straus-Kahn Case Is Bad Reporting?Mumbai And Delhi Terrorist Attacks: Will India Shining Vanish And Indians Share Pakistani Life?Do We Need Anonymity For Surfing Like The Laws For Phone Tapping?Can Distressed Pakistan Fight Terrorism On Its Soil After The Karachi Attack?Did Distrust of Pakistan Aid in The Nabbing Of Bin Laden?Did Sigmund Freud Contribute to The Modern Civilization?Did the Chinese Civilization Contribute to the Modern World?Will There Be a Clash of Civilizations With Islam?Did the British Empire Contribute to the Formation of Modern Civilization?Have Women Contributed to the Formation of Modern Civilization?Is Britain’s Parliamentary System of Democracy Ideal?WOMENS POWER HUB:Are Women More Powerful Than Men?Are Feminists to Blame For All The Social Ills of Today?Have Women Contributed to The Formation Of Modern Civilization?Did Man The Hunter Alone Develop Our Primitive Mind?Are There Many Differences Between Man and Woman?After All, What Is Women’s Power Hub?Why The New York Times Reporting On Straus-Kahn Case Is Bad Reporting?Sexual Revolution Brought STD And Social Change: Is Our World Becoming A Fearful Place?WEB PROMOTION HUB:Is Twitter, Faceook or Google+ The Best Social Networking Site For Your Message Spread?Does First Page Google Ranking Bring Massive Traffic To Your Beautiful Website?How to Get Massive Traffic to Your Beautiful site?Is Twitter Useful to Promote Websites That You Have Tried Hard to Make?SPORTS POWER HUB:Delhi Commonwealth Games: Who Is At Fault?












Feedjit Live Blog Stats















The Advertising Network

































The Advertising Network













About Me





Dr K N Bastola


Beside creating ‘Women’s Power’ Hub (WPH), Dr K N Bastola authors 'Women's Power: Its Past, Its Present, Its Future: Femocracy’, that, as first of its kind encyclopaedia, blends mankind’s past, present and future in one book. As echoed in articles here, he loves ideas pooling many fields. While seeing gender inequity he creates WPH, seeing Modern World's stride in exchange of ideas, he loves to do so with the interested.

View my complete profile

































Search This Blog


Loading...




























CONTACT US











Blog Archive








          ► 
        


2015
(1)





          ► 
        


February
(1)







▼ 

2014
(10)



▼ 

June
(5)

Like The Iranian Islamic Revolution The Indian Ele...
SAARC Leaders Meet in Delhi: Did Modi And Sharif a...
How Did The BJP/Modi Manage to Get a Landslide Vic...
Is This The End of The Congress Party/Gandhi Famil...
Why do Indians Resent The Coverage of Modi by The ...








          ► 
        


April
(3)







          ► 
        


March
(2)









          ► 
        


2013
(6)





          ► 
        


September
(3)







          ► 
        


July
(2)







          ► 
        


June
(1)









          ► 
        


2012
(4)





          ► 
        


December
(2)







          ► 
        


September
(2)









          ► 
        


2011
(8)





          ► 
        


December
(1)







          ► 
        


September
(2)







          ► 
        


August
(1)







          ► 
        


July
(2)







          ► 
        


May
(2)









          ► 
        


2010
(6)





          ► 
        


November
(6)














































topmost shop
carpal tunnel cure
xbox games
womens power book
bin laden 2
bin laden 1
after all empowerment of women
alfter all powerful women
latest staged vimeo
latest staged you
another staged
staged voice
latest you
latest vimeo
Author Dr K N Bastola
Contact Dr Bastola
Dr Bastola in Ezine
Sporting - women power
Facebook- women power
Reddit - women power
Digg - women power
Dilicious -women power
women power video 3
women power video 2
women power video1
Twitter women power
massive traffic modern world
WebPromotionHub- modern world
Delhi commonwealth games 2010
sportspowerhub modern world
clash of civilization with islam modern world
Chinese civilization contri modern world
women power contri modern world
British Parliament modern world
Sigmund Freud modern world
British empire modern world
modern world hub
women power contribution
women power more power
women power hunter
women power feminist
women power difference
Womenpowerhub

































































Simple template. Template images by luoman. Powered by Blogger.


































