Breaking: INEC Releases Names Of Candidates For 2015 Presidential Election 
Breaking: INEC Releases Names Of Candidates For 2015 Presidential Election








											Welcome, guest:  
							Login / 
							Register / 
							Trends  / 
							Recent / 
							Featured










Stats: 
						31,799						 members, 24,972 topics. 
						Date: February 25, 2015, 6:28 pm					













											Welcome, guest:  
							Login / 
							Register / 
							Trending  / 
							Recent / 
							Featured


Stats: 
						31,799						 members, 24,972 topics. 
						Date: Feb 25 2015, 6:28 pm					






Breaking: INEC Releases Names Of Candidates For 2015 Presidential Election


Talk Africa(NG) / 
								General /  
				Politics /
				Breaking: INEC Releases Names Of Candidates For 2015 Presidential Election
(229 / 
				7 Views)
			

(Go Down)













[Update] Publisher Now Earn Money  from Their Topics and Comments on TA











Breaking: INEC Releases Names Of Candidates For 2015 Presidential Election.
						 by 
			sunexx360(m):
			12:33pm on December 31









The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has released the names of the 11 presidential candidates and their running mates who will contest the 2015 general elections.

This is contained in a statement signed by Kayode Idowu, the Chief Press Secretary to INEC Chairman in Abuja.

The statement noted that the ruling Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) submitted the names of President Goodluck Jonathan and his vice presidential running mate, Namadi Sambo.

The All Progressives Congress (APC) submitted the names of Muhammadu Buhari and Yemi Osinbajo as presidential and vice presidential candidates respectively.

Others, the statement stated, were Oluremi Sonaiya and Saidu Bobboi for Kowa Party, Ambrose Albert and Haruna Shaba for Hope Democratic Party.

Also on the list were Ganiyu Galadima and Balarabe Ahmed for Allied Congress Party of Nigeria (ACPN), Rafiu Salau and Clinton Cliff Akuchie for Alliance for Democracy (AD) and Godson Okoye and Alhaji Haruna Adamu for United Democratic Party (UDP).

Mani Ibrahim Ahmad and Obianuju Murphy-Uzohue for African Democratic Congress, while Martin Onovo and Ibrahim Mohammed are running under the National Conscience Party (NCP).

Others are Tunde Anifowoshe-Kelani and Paul Ishaka Ofomile for Action Alliance and Chekwas Okorie and Bello Umar for United Progressive Party.

Out of the 11 presidential candidates, only Jonathan and Buhari contested in the last election held in 2011.

#2015Elections


Source: Bella Naija 









		  Visit www.landpoint.blogspot.com to get latest gists across african	  



0								 Like 











Don't have a TA Account? Use the form below to signup for a TalkAfrica account and join discussions. 


Full Name:

Email:

Username: E.g iamjosh


Password:

Confirm Password:


					I agree to the terms of service




Sponsor: sunexx360					






(Go Up)


Viewing this topic:
					1 guest viewing this topic	



	Quickly grow your referral earnings by inviting a friend. 
	Click here to use the TA Tell a Friend form →
	








Talk Africa Countries

Algeria,  
																			Botswana,  
																			Cameroon,  
																			Egypt,  
																			Ethiopia,  
																			Gambia,  
																			Ghana,  
																			Ivory Coast,  
																			Kenya,  
																			Liberia,  
																			Mali,  
																			Mozambique,  
																			Namibia,  
																			Nigeria,  
																			Senegal,  
																			Sierra Leone,  
																			South Africa,  
																			Tanzania,  
																			Tunisia,  
																			Uganda,  
																			Zambia,  
																			Zimbabwe











Publisher's Program / 
					Social Media Promoters / 
					Referral Program / 
					Widgets & Affiliate Program / 
					Advertise


				TalkAfrica.co is a property of Ellist Communication Technology Ltd.
talkafrica.co - Copyright © 2013. All rights reserved.
Disclaimer: Every TalkAfrica member is solely responsible for anything 
				that he/she posts or uploads on TalkAfrica.co.
				For enquiries & feedbacks send email to: contact@talkafrica.co




Reader(98.244.101.29) just visited and invalidated


