Anita De-sosoo won't seek re-election • Politics News • 233 Live | Latest News from Ghana and the World. 
Anita De-sosoo won't seek re-election • Politics News • 233 Live | Latest News from Ghana and the World.



 Today is Wed, 25th Feb 2015


Latest
General
Entertainment
Business
Sports
International
Technology
Health

Xfm Newscenter
  




 anita de sosoo to quit the race

More Politics News



 Where are the NDC energy experts? They have failed- Kofi Adda



 ‘Ghanaians Are Paying For Darkness’



 Nigeria elections: Why are Ghanaians gripped by fear?



 Sir John threatens to embark on naked demo



 $100m Power Deal For Parliament



 Chryslers for rural electrification; Baako punches 'dishonest' Energy Ministry



 Mahama Blames Dumsor On TV Sets



 NDC Splits Over Dumsor



 Kufuor could have prevented ‘dumsor’ – NDC



 NPP promises more anti-government demo in coming weeks



 We are not joining NPP’s ‘Wɔn Gbo’ demo – CPP



 NPP negotiated purchase of 38 luxury vehicles



 Statement: Ignore the NPP: they are opportunists - PPP



 Prez Mahama removes Bani, appoints Debrah as Chief of Staff



 PPP to participate in Lib Dems programme



 Speaker calls for urgent meeting; On disregard for financial laws by public institutions



 NANA LEADS DEMO dumsor  



 MPs Risk Losing Out



 NB. Quotes are not allowed



 NDC Foot-Soldiers Stop Handing Over



 Adjaho Clears Air On Bloated Cabinet List



 NPP Ready For Dumsor Demo



 Ahanta DCE Sacked  



 Police Chase NDC Organizer



 Coup In Tema East NPP



 Mosquito Girl Coat Shameful!



 NDC’s poor performance to reduce its Ashanti votes to 15% - STUNNAD predicts



 Kwakye Ofosu slams NPP over February 18 'dumsor' demonstration



 NDC pledges to secure more seats in Brong Ahafo



 Gov't to 'rape' Ghana's resources under improved GYEEDA agenda- Owusu Ankomah






Headlines







Anita De-sosoo won't seek re-electionTue, 23|09|14 • loading...





National Womens' Organiser of the governing National Democratic Congress has stated she won't seek re-election            
                                           
                            
          
              Jemima Anita De-soso, a popular figure within the party, said in a statement, she wants to focus on her work as Deputy National Coordinator of the National Disaster Management Organisation (NADMO).

Anita began her political career as a serial caller and arose through the ranks as a ward women’s organiser, a constituency women’s organiser, a former national deputy propaganda secretary.

The outspoken leader once generated controversy after she diagnosed a curious cause for Ghana's free-falling currency, saying the Cedi's depreciation is caused by "juju and dwarfs".

 

Read her statement below

I sincerely give all gratitude to Almighty God for His Omnipresence in my political career as the National Women’s Organizer of the National Democratic Congress (NDC). I thank H.E President John Dramani Mahama for my new appointment as the Deputy National Coordinator (DNC) of National Disaster Management Organization (NADMO), his confidence in me and lastly all members and executives of the NDC party especially the Women’s Wing for their support over the years.

In light of the upcoming NDC National Women’s Conference, I wish to state that I will not contest hence I urge all hardworking and faithful women within the party to take the opportunity to demonstrate their skills and plans for bettering the conditions of our women and leading us into victory 2016. My main reason being that as DNC of NADMO, I would like to focus on my new job while ensuring that more women are given the opportunity to experience political leadership.

As National Women’s Organizer, the office have trained many women and increased their political leadership capacity with the support of organizations like Frederich Ebert Stiftung (FES) Foundation, Abantu For Development, Institute of Economic Affairs (IEA), Women Academy For Africa (WAFA), Women International Democratic Federation (WIDF), SPD Denmark among others. I am grateful to them. My tenure has witnessed an increase in the number of female NDC parliamentarians from 5 in 2008 to 14 in 2012, a result of increase in women participation in politics and leadership as promised. Till date, my administration can reliably pride itself of 21 female District Chief Executives. 

Several women organisers have received capacity training abroad in countries such as USA, UK, Brazil, India, China, Denmark, and Angola among others which accounts for increase representation of women in governance today.

I take credit not only for myself but all who have played diverse roles in these achievements as we are encouraged to work harder. I extend congratulations to all outgone women organizers and newly elected ones. I wish them the very best and urge them to remain dedicated to the social democratic course in ensuring victory for NDC 2016.

Forward ever. Long live Ghana. Long live NDC.









Facebook it













 

All Rights Reserved. Copyright 10 - 2015. Website powered by POi


General
Entertainment
Business
Sports
International
Technology
Health
Video
Wierd
Facebook
Twitter




