General Election 2015: unofficial campaign - live - Telegraph 
General Election 2015: unofficial campaign - live - Telegraph




















Accessibility links

Skip to article
Skip to navigation






Advertisement









Telegraph.co.uk









                                        Search - enhanced by OpenText








		Wednesday 25 February 2015















Home
Video
News
World
Sport
Finance
Comment
Culture
Travel
Life
Women
Fashion
Luxury
Tech
Cars










Politics
Election 2015
Investigations
Obits
Education
Science
Earth
Weather
Health
Royal
Celebrity
Defence
Scotland




Home»
News»
General election 2015











General Election 2015, Day One of the unofficial campaign: as it happened 

And they're off: the Conservatives, Labour and the Liberal Democrats have set 
  out their stalls 

















Labour party leader Ed Miliband addresses party activitists as he launches the party's 2015 election campaign at the Lowry Centre in Manchester Photo: Getty Images









 






							By 
											Rosa Prince

3:35PM GMT 05 Jan 2015

Follow


 


 • The three main parties have held events to mark the start of the New Year - and the unofficial general election campaign  • Five senior Conservative ministers launched dossier challenging Labour to come clean about their spending plans. • Ed Miliband says he is "absolutely" ready to become Prime Minister  • Ed Miliband launches his party's election strategy saying Labour will put working people first. • Nick Clegg said Labour was like an ex leaving late-night phone calls and the Tories like a phone salesman   Latest  15.33 Well, the main events of the day are over so we're closing down the LiveBlog. But fear not, there will be plenty more to come over the next four months. In the meantime, here's what happened today.  15.09 Missed Labour supporters booing the BBC's Norman Smith? You're welcome.  14.57 Iain Martin hasn't been too impressed by the start of the campaign. But at least it's not a two-horse race this time. 
Related Articles



Vince Cable demoted as Nick Clegg reshapes top team for the general election

06 Jan 2015



General Election 2015: Boris Johnson to lead Tory campaign charge into English regions

07 Jan 2015



Diane Abbott attacks 'unscrupulous' Jim Murphy over mansion tax plan

06 Jan 2015



Ed Balls forced to admit Labour could cut £5billion in first year of Government

05 Jan 2015



Sketch: General election 2015 – the madness begins

05 Jan 2015



Ed Miliband has gone back to the Eighties

05 Jan 2015



  Oops, I say, very poor start to the race there from David Cameron riding Tory Boy. His horse seems to have headed off in completely the wrong direction.   So it's Ed Miliband out in front on Hardworking People Up and Down This Country. But not by much - he's going so slowly that David Cameron on Tory Boy has somehow managed to catch up already. Lot of big money being put on Tory Boy, they'll be relieved to see him back in the race.   And here's Nigel Farage coming up fast on the outside right. Nigel Farage riding You Knew Where You Were in the 1950s is gaining ground"  14.49 Good point from the Spectator's Isabel Hardman:  <noframe>Twitter: Isabel Hardman - Who in Labour decided to call the Tory economy document the &lsquo;dodgy dossier&rsquo;?</noframe> 14.46 Looks like there's no escaping the increasingly presidential nature of our political system. Nick Clegg has said that he hopes wife Miriam will join him on the campaign trail, despite having previously insisted he wouldn't use her as a PR tool.  14.41 More from Christopher Hope: George Osborne nixes rumours that David Cameron will stand down mid-way through his second term in office.  14.28 Iain Martin's ready to go to the polls already:  <noframe>Twitter: Iain Martin - Can't we just hold the General Election this Thursday?</noframe> 14.14 To complete the set, here's Ben Riley-Smith on the Liberal Democrats.  13.48 And here's how Christopher Hope saw the Conservative event.  13.45 Here's Matthew Holehouse's take on Ed Miliband this morning.  13.42 Dodgy dossier or serious analysis? Have a look yourself at the Treasury's work on Labour's economic plans.  13.37 Sounds like Clegg was full of gags. This from Ben Riley-Smith:    Nick Clegg has characterised Ed Balls as a former lover who won't stop calling and the Conservatives as a dodgy phone salsemen who try to "con" consumers as he tried to portray as the real party of the centre ground.   "Labour say 'trust us, we'll fix the economy and raise living standards'. But they won't. They are a clear and present danger to the recovery. Their economic policy consists of huge borrowing and total denial about their responsibility for what happened last time," Mr Clegg said.   "We've already had the risible sight of Ed Balls claiming Labour are the party of the centre ground. Here you have the man who, as city minister, let the banks get away with utterly irresponsible behaviour, now claiming he is the guy you should trust with the economic recovery."  "It's like waking up to find a late night voicemail from an ex saying that they've changed and it will all be different if only you give them one more chance."  On the Tories, he said: "On the other hand you have the Conservatives unveiling posters saying we should stay on 'the road to a stronger economy'. We should. But they don't plan to stay on the road, they want to stray far from it. They're trying to sell you an ideological approach to cuts to public services packaged up as continuity.   "It's a con. It's like a mobile phone salesman offering to renew your existing contract and then cutting the amount of calls you can make."  13.31 Robert Colvile sees Ed Miliband as an old-school Labour leader, who is launching a crusade similar to those Neil Kinnock and John Smith attempted in the 1980s and 90s.   That’s another strange thing about Ed Miliband: for all the talk about Labour tacking back to the centre ground, his actual response whenever his back is against the wall has been to double down on his existing strategy. The election, he said, will be won by four million conversations – an echo of the Obama model of firing up your base and letting the rest of the country go hang."   13.25 On the World at One, Ed Balls has described the Tory analysis as a "dodgy dossier" - now where have we heard that phrase before?   13.19 Bad news dossier-fans. There will be no Conservative analysis of the Liberal Democrats' spending plans.  13.13 More from Ben Riley-Smith:     Ignore the polls, Nick Clegg has said as he declared national surveys don't reveal "anything" about how many MPs the party will win at the next election.   It's a bold statement; and convenient, given almost every poll has the Liberal Democrats attracting less than one in ten votes in predictions for May.   Talking at his Westminster press conference unofficially kick-starting the party's campaign, Mr Clegg predicted his party would "massively confound" the pollsters and experts who believe his party could be cast out into the electoral wilderness.   The Deputy Prime Minister admitted the Liberal Democrats had lost voters during their five years in Government but insisted their strength in local campaigning - where they can get across their achievements without distortion and "get a good hearing" - would come good.   "The more we explain [our achievements], the more people say, 'Do you know what ... the Liberal Democrats put the national interest first, try to do right by the economy and try to do so fairly as well in a way the Conservatives never would have done."   He added: "In a sense mechanically, psychologically a [national] snapshot saying you're on 30 per cent one moment and 8 per cent the next, it kind of doesn't tell me anything. It doesn't tell me how we're doing in this area or that area which is of course, in a constituency-based election contest, where public opinion really matters."   13.05 William Hill is also predicting another coalition, with odds of 2/5 that the next General Election will produce no overall majority for any one Party.  They are offering odds of 4/1 that the next government will be another Con-Lib Dem coalition; 9/2 a Labour majority; 9/2 a Tory majority; 9/2 a Labour minority government; 11/2 a Lab-Lib Dem coalition; 11/2 a Tory minority govt; 13/2 a coalition involving SNP; 7/1 coalition involving UKIP; 50/1 coalition involving Greens; 50/1 UKIP majority; 500/1 Lib Dem majority. 33/1 any other combination or government.  Spokesman Graham Sharpe said: "We've never had General Election betting quoting a dozen potential outcomes before. By and large our higher rolling clients seem to be banking on no overall majority being the outcome, while those with more modest stakes are betting on which coalition is likely to stem from no overall majority - with a repeat of the current one the best fancied."  13.01 Speaking on the BBC's Daily Politics, Tessa Jowell has said Ed Miliband is a "leader of a united party" "and has great resiliance". Funny how no one ever feels the need to question David Cameron's grip on the leadership. Or Nick Clegg for that matter. It's a question that keeps haunting Miliband though.   12.57 Ben Riley-Smith is with the Liberal Democrats:   Nick Clegg has used his first press conference of 2015 to launch a scathing attack on the idea of Labour or the Conservatives governing with the support of any smaller party other than the Liberal Democrats.   The Deputy Prime Minister characterised a coalition or vote-sharing agreement with the likes of the SNP and Ukip as a "ragbag" of parties representing "sectional interests" who could not govern in the best intentions of the nation.   "Only the Liberal Democrats can keep the government in the centre ground and stop the two old parties veering off to the extremes of left and right," Mr Clegg said.   "But they're not the only risk. UKIP, the SNP, the Greens and Plaid all, in their own way, threaten our recovery. They all pedal their own brand of divisive populism based on grievance, blame and fear. They won't act in the national interest. They all want to put their narrow claims above the needs of the country.   "Just imagine a Labour minority government propped up by the SNP or a Tory minority propped up by UKIP?   "Or either party constantly having to go on bended knee to a rag tag mob of nationalists, unionists, Greens and Respect MPs to beg for votes. It would be mayhem as everyone scrambles around for a bargain like the first day of the January sales. Messy. Unstable. Unfair."  However when pushed by journalists afterwards, Mr Clegg refused to rule out entering a coalition alongside either the SNP or Ukip.   The comments highlight the tightrope Mr Clegg must walk during this campaign - sell the benefits of coalition government to the electorate while also arguing that handing the balance of power to the Scottish Nationalists or Nigel Farage's Europhobes would be disastrous.   12.55 Back with the Lib Dems, Nick Clegg has said he's ruling out entering into a coalition with either Ukip or the SNP.  12.40 The Telegraph's Christopher Hope hasn't helped the mood. Michael Deacon reports:  William Hague particularly amused by the question from our Christopher Hope, asking all five Tory ministers present to state why they should be the party's next leader... The other four slightly less amused. .  12.36 Seems like there's some tension between journalists and politicians at the Conservatives' event too. Michael Deacon says:   Not sure this Tory press conference - held to attack Labour's spending plans - is proving to be a roaring success. So far, every question   from a journalist has essentially been: "But Labour haven't actually made the spending promises you claim they have. This is all nonsense, isn't it?" Each time, George Osborne's answer is essentially: "Well, a reasonable person would *infer* these are Labour's spending plans, from Labour's criticism of *our* spending plans..."  12.32 Christopher Hope reports from the Conservative press conference:   It is hard to escape the view that this is a leadership hustings. Where are Iain Duncan Smith, and Jermy Hunt? According to the Conservatives policy book, the biggest Labour commitments are in their departments. The excess Labour spending at the Culture department for example where Sajid Javid is secretary of state is in the tens of millions (£40million on the digital inclusion fund).  12.28 Well that flew by. The Cabinet press conference is over in a blink with George Osborne speaking for six minutes and some of the others for no more than three.  12.26 Betfair reports that its punters overwhelmingly believe the outcome of the general election will be another hung parliament. It's at 71 per cent (or 1.46 for those of you who understand how these things work).  12.23 Some highlights from the Tories: George Osborne: "Making spending commitments is the easiest thing in the world, but the price is paid by future taxpayers."  Nicky Morgan says Labour is "simply incapable of spending discipline."  12.20 The Conservatives' decision to deploy a five-strong line-up of Cabinet ministers, rather than leader David Cameron, is designed to show voters the strength of the party's top team.  12.19 Here's the Tories dossier on Labour's spending plans. Look familiar?   <noframe>Twitter: Christopher Hope - The Conservative's Labour spending dossier looks a bit like the Treasury's Budget Red Book. But it isn't. <a href="https://twitter.com/search?src=hash&q=%23GE2015" target="_blank">#GE2015</a> <a href="http://t.co/BQ0EBDdFZ2" target="_blank">http://t.co/BQ0EBDdFZ2</a></noframe> 12.15 And the Conservatives are well underway too. Christopher Hope is live-tweeting (if that is such a thing) here: @christopherhope  12.10 Nick Clegg went for a visit to Kingston Hospital this morning. Smells like election time to me.   12.05 Michael Deacon is poised for the Tories to begin:    Awaiting the start of the Tories' multi-minister press conference. It seems they've created a "scorecard" to rate Labour's spending plans. Everyone here waiting excitedly to see what score the Tories will give them. I'm predicting "8/10. Solid effort. All the best with the election, chaps!"  12.01 Just to be fair, Clegg is having a pop at the Conservatives too, saying they aren't sticking to the plan and are creating a new plan to help the wealthy.  11.59 Oh dear, the broadcasters don't seem to be taking a live-feed of Nick Clegg. Apparently he's kicked it all off with a rather good joke too, comparing Labour to an ex who leaves a voicemail in the night.  11.53 Ed Miliband painted May's general election as a "once in a generation" chance to "rebuild" the country as the election campaign began in earnest with the two main parties trading blows on the state of the public finances. Watch for yourself:    11.50 Victoria Ward in the Telegraph newsroom brings glad tidings of great joy. "Rainbow George" Weiss, apparently a well known character on the late-night radio circuit, is planning to resurrect Peter Cook's What Party (for which he was minister of confusion) to mark the 20th anniversary of Cook's death this Friday. Vicky says:  He said he was looking to get Russell Brand involved as president and wants to field candidates in all London constituencies "to give London the chance to be an independent state". Brand has not yet replied to any of his texts!   "The simple ethos of the party was to give everybody what they wanted, within reason. And I think that's a really lovely platform to stand on.   "To do that, we have to find out what everybody wants and then offer them things that they maybe did not even realise they could have."    11.48 Matthew Holehouse has spotted some more meat in Miliband's speech:   STORY ALERT!   Ed Miliband says he wants Britain to get rid of its nuclear weapons, in concert with the world's other nuclear powers.   He says in the meantime he wants to see a cheaper replacement for Trident, the submarine-based nuclear missile system.   "We need the lowest cost deterrent we can have," he says, adding that no cheaper alternative has been offered yet.   He says it must be multi-lateral. "I'm not in favour of unilateral disamarment," he says.   Unilateral nuclear disarmament was a key pledge of the 1983 manifesto - dubbed the "longest suicide note in history".   He was responding to a campaigner to be "radical" and pledge to scrap the Trident deterrent, designed to pour atomic warheads onto Russian cities.   Funding has already been committed to the early stages of developing a successor system, and some Tories fear it will not be safe under a Labour government.   Other systems, such as a bomb launched from a plane or a land-based missile, were ruled out by defence chiefs.   ALSO   He says Labour activists are his "secret weapon".Miliband says he WILL make an announcement on tuition fees - to cut them - but not yet. It must be costed, he says. He won't make a "Nick Clegg mistake" and get young people's hopes up.   Labour will produce a Young People's Manifesto, he reveals. "Can I call myself an old fogey at the age of 45?" he says.   PLUS:   Mr Miliband closes by telling activists to "relish" the election, and in an acknowledgement of the jitters in some quarters, adds: "Don't approach it with fear".   11.45 But there was a policy in there - or at least the promise of one. As Matthew Holehouse predicted, Miliband pledged Labour will finally set out what it plans to do about tuition fees.  11.41 I've been wondering who would be the first to declare the end of the phoney war. Take a bow Ed Miliband: "The contest has only just begun. The phoney war is over and now we're into the real guts of this contest." Some might argue the Second World War wasn't much shorter than the 2015 campaign, which pretty much began on May 7 2010.  11.38 Oh dear, Mr Miliband's message hasn't gone down too well with everyone:  <noframe>Twitter: Kavya - If Ed Miliband tries to have a 'conversation' with me I'll call the police.</noframe> 11.32 Things are turning a little nasty in Manchester:    Norman Smith, the BBC's assistant political correspondent, has been booed and heckled at Miliband's rally by activists by suggesting there was "no winter crisis" and asking whether Labour is "scaremongering" on the NHS. "Get back to London," shouts one.   The party has claimed that after five years, there will be no NHS "as you know it" if the Tories get in.   Miliband says: "We will hear people with respect, particularly Norman."  It's the second time such heckling of press has happened at a Labour speech - and follows ugly heckling of BBC staff at SNP rallies during the independence referendum.   Incidentally, the Tories also went after Mr Smith after he seized on those 1930s forecasts in a controversial radio broadcast. He just can't win.  11.29 Matthew Holehouse reports:    Miliband closes by channelling a bit of Clement Attlee:   "We’ve done it before as a country in the face of even greater challenges and we can do it again.   "It is seventy years this year since Britain won the Second World War and went on to win the peace. Think about what they were facing.   "That generation didn’t sit back and put up with what it had seen before. With the dark days of the depression.   "The negativity that said there was no other way. Instead, they started to rebuild."  ...and a bit dollop of Barack Obama by promising "change":   "We have a Government that will say: stick to their plan.   "They really think this is as good as it gets.   "That’s because they’re the pessimists about what is achievable for Britain and the British people.   "And between now and the election, they will find all kinds of ways to tell you that change isn’t possible.   "Just as the pessimists have always done down the years.   "That change that puts working people first can’t be done.   "But I don’t believe them."  11.28 A good point from Michael Deacon:    In his big speech about the coming election campaign, Ed Miliband has been ordering his activists to knock on the doors of "everyday working people". Trouble is: if these everyday working people are working every day, he may find that they're not at home. I hope everyday non-working people will suffice  11.25 Miliband is deploying his new trick of taking questions from supporters rather than the media. Cunning. Although occasionally he may get a tricky one, it's much more likely that he won't face the toughest questions until the end of the event - when he hopes many viewers will have tuned out.  11.24 Some personal stuff in there from Mr Miliband about his life as the "son of immigrants". Moving and in-touch, or further sign of the Americanisation of British politics?  11.23 Matthew Holehouse sends us more from Manchester:    The NHS is Britain's "greatest treasure", Mr Miliband says.   "Our NHS is our nation’s greatest treasure, to be protected and nurtured for generations to come.   A guaranteed GP appointment within 48 hours. A one-week wait for cancer tests. And a £2.5 billion Time To Care fund to support more midwives, care workers, doctors and nurses. Yes, assuring decent, timely health care has a cost. And that’s why we have proposed a Mansion Tax for the very richest to protect and improve the NHS for our entire country. Something the Tories would never do."  On Europe, he says the PM is playing "risky, irresponsible games" that threaten the economy.   "I understand the politics that has led the Prime Minister to play risky irresponsible games on the European Union, allowing his party to drift towards exit. But I won’t.   "If you want to know what chaos and a threat to prosperity looks like, just imagine a Tory government riven apart after the next election on Europe. We must demand reform from Europe—a European Union that works better for Britain.   "But make no mistake: exit from the EU would be a dramatic mistake for our country and our economy. So, whatever the politics, I will not join those who cynically offer exit as a realistic plan for our future or the future of Britain’s working families."  On immigration, he says Labour will curb "slave labour" that undercuts local workers, but uses his grandparent's story to underline his pro-immigration instincts.   Four paragraphs underline the divergent directions Miliband is pulled by his party on the issue:   "For generations, hard-working immigrants, eager to make their way, have helped build our country.   "But this party will never again dismiss people’s concerns about immigration.   "Britain should not—cannot— close ourselves off from those who can contribute to our economy and our country.   "But people want to know that there are fair rules."  11.16 More of Ed Miliband's speech from Matthew Holehouse:    Businesses have "had things their way for too long", Ed says and they "undermine the living standards" of ordinary people.  He has already set out plans to break up the major banks and cap energy prices, under market intervention unprecedented since the 1970s.  "Our plan is a plan that says that everyone should play by fair rules, and the most powerful interests in our country should be held to account.  "Businesses large and small are the lifeblood of our economy. But the banks and the energy companies have had things their way for too long and need to serve Britain properly.  "We will require these businesses to operate in a competitive way, and Britain—all of Britain—will be the better for it.  "No more broken markets that work for a few but undermine our economy and living standards."  11.15 Here's Matthew Holehouse again:    Ed Miliband is on his feet. He says his goal is to make Britain "more just, more equal and more prosperous".   He says the "Tory experiment has failed" because the deficit still stands.   He says under the Tories young people can't afford to go to university. (While fees have gone up, the data suggests otherwise, the Tories are sure to respond.)   He says: "What is their plan for the next five years?   "More of the same. Keep driving along the road to nowhere. But press down on the accelerator. Imagine what another five years would mean for you and your family."  He goes on: "Millionaires have reaped huge benefits from the Tory plan.   "There is no doubt about that. But working people in our country are worse off. Much worse off.   "For the first time since the 1920s, working people will be worse off at the end of a government than they were at the beginning.   "Zero hour contracts have exploded, driving wages down across our country, and have allowed some firms to play havoc with people’s lives.   "The energy companies have doubled the profit they make from each family and the average bill has gone up £300 a year.   "And most inexcusable is the shortchanging of the greatest hope for our future, our children, who this Government is failing to prepare for the challenges of the 21st Century.   "At a time when education and training are critical to the chances of earning a decent wage—and to the long-term success of our country-- tuition fees have trebled and apprenticeships for young people are actually falling.   "And they call all of that a success.   "We’re a country of food banks and bank bonuses. A country where social mobility goes backwards and privilege is rewarded.   "Where millionaires have had their taxes cut and millions pay more.   "And they call that a success. Well, I don’t. And the British people don’t either. And think what has happened to our NHS."  There's a refrain of that 2013 conference speech, one of Miliband's best, with the words: "Britain can do better than this."   11.12 The Telegrah's Ben Riley-Smith is off to hear Nick Clegg at 11.45 - who looks like he's going to be squeezed by a late-running Miliband and the noon start of the Tories. Ben says:    Nick Clegg will begin what he hopes will be a 2015 fightback for the Liberal Democrats at quarter to noon today when he holds a press conference at the party's Westminster HQ.   The Deputy Prime Minister faces a daunting task in the coming four months as he fights to win back voters who feel betrayed by his party's tuition fees U-turn and disillusioned with its commitment to austerity since 2010.   Half the battle for Mr Clegg will be to get coverage, with column inches and broadcast time likely to be limited as the Liberals battle not just with the two main parties but Ukip, the SNP and the Greens for media attention.   Today he will characterise the Lib Dems as the real party of the centre ground, dismissing the Tories' ideologically driven desire to cut back the public sector and Labour's foolishness in borrowing more in a misguided attempt to trigger growth.   The hope for Mr Clegg is that through voters eventually rewarding his persistence and dogged local campaigning the party can secure enough seats to hold the balance of power after May 7. The danger is his party drifts into irrelevance and loses much of its leadership as the electorate delivers a damning verdict on their allegiance with the Conservatives. In a little over 100 days, we'll know the answer. "  11.11 Those in the hall say that Miliband is using an autocue. So he won't forget to mention the deficit then.   11.09 Miliband says Labour will win by having "millions of conversations" rather than "buying up poster sites". That's handy, seeing as Labour has admitted it will be outspent by the Tories by 10:1.  11.06 Ed Miliband has taken to the stage in Manchester. He begins:   In 2015, a victory for our Party is not nearly enough.   "We’re fighting for something much bigger.   "We’re fighting for a Britain where every day working people are properly rewarded once again.   "We’re fighting for a Britain where every young person, whatever their background, can begin their working lives with a future that promises to be better, not worse, than their parents’.   "We're fighting for a Britain where everyone plays by fair rules, including the most powerful like energy companies and the banks."   11.05 More from Matthew Holehouse:    The final warm-up speaker: Sarah Calvert, a Leeds University history student, is attacking the £9k tuition fees, saying she has been forced to think what "tangible benefits" she will get from her degree and saying she will face a £40,000 "millstone of debt" for just four hours tuition a week. Many students were share her anger at being ripped off by the system.   But why is she speaking? Is it a hint Ed Miliband will flesh out that long-term ambition to cut fees to £6k, the details of which are still woolly?   10.57 The Conservatives' dossier on Labour's spending plans was produced with official help. A little insight from a former member of the Westminster bubble:  <noframe>Twitter: Owen Barder - I was once the Treasury official responsible for costing opposition spending policies. It isn't a pretty sight.</noframe> 10.51 Telegraph Politial Correspondent Matthew Holehouse is waiting to hear Ed Miliband in Salford. Here's what he has to say:    Ed Miliband is soon to address an audience at the Lowry Centre in Salford, close to the birthplace of the Labour Party. It's a beautiful morning, with sun bouncing off the water on the quay. It's standing room only in the hall - but then, it is quite a small hall. There's a raft of shadow Cabinet here:Chuka Umunna, Andy Burnham, Hillary Benn, Sadiq Khan etc. But no sign (from the press seats at the back) of Ed Balls, the shadow chancellor.   "The opening speaker says that Labour is the People's Party, and as such they among 'the people' rather than a press conference 'in London'.   "The warm up act is a series of speakers outlining their fears for Britain under five more years of Tory rule. So far we've had an NHS doctor, a charity worker and a digital music entrepreneur."  10.35 Ed Miliband has arrived at Manchester's Lowry theatre ahead of his noon rally.   10.31 In this lull before Ed Miliband begins speaking, let's recap what the party leaders have been saying over the last two days. David Cameron appeared to be making eyes at Ukip voters by suggesting there could be an early referendum on EU membership. Nigel Farage sparked debate by saying there should be a mass clear-out of NHS staff who do not speak good English, and Ed Miliband said he was ready to become Prime Minister. We'll be hearing from Mr Clegg soon enough.  10.23 The Telegraph's Christopher Hope has just seen the Prime Minister - and his lacky - arrive at Parliament:  <noframe>Twitter: Christopher Hope - Prime Minister David Cameron has someone to carry his House of Commons pass for him. Honestly. I just saw him arrive in Parliament.</noframe> 09.50 As James has said, Labour are campaigning hard on the safe ground of the NHS. Here was Andy Burnham on the Today Programme this morning:   If the NHS stays on its current course it will be sunk by a toxic mix of cuts and privatisation."  The Conservatives claim Mr Burnham is the only former health secretary to have privatised a hospital, an accusation he denies. Punch and Judy politics anyone?  09.42 The BBC's Norman Smith (he of Wigan Pier fame) has coined a phrase:  <noframe>Twitter: norman smith - Labour email out "pre-buttal" of Tory spending dossier. Yep. Pre-buttal. <a href="https://twitter.com/search?src=hash&q=%23electionlingo" target="_blank">#electionlingo</a></noframe> 09.36 Miliband also denied suggestions that he was avoiding campaigning in Scotland. Jim Murphy, the Labour leader north of the border, is due to announce later today a strategy to woo back the 190,000 voters who backed the SNP at the referendum. He will say:   Now they can decide whether to vote Labour to get rid of the Tories or to vote SNP and keep the status quo. At the general election these will be the most important voters in the UK.”   09.33 On BBC Breakfast Miliband insisted Labour had no uncosted plans, saying Conservative accusations were "completely false". He also seemed rather less keen on a coalition than one might think given the current state of the polls.   I’ve got a very old-fashioned view on this, which is I want a majority Labour government. You’ve got Nick Clegg today saying ‘we need more coalition government in this country’; now, I actually take a different view. I think the way this government has run itself, coalition government has become an excuse for each side breaking their promises, frankly."  09.27 Lord O'Donnell, who as Gus O'Donnell was the Cabinet Secretary, is one of the growing number who believe the election could have a quirky outcome. His theory, told to Sky News, is that the leader of whichever party emerges with the most votes after May 7 may not in the end become Prime Minister.   "There's no constitutional requirement for that to happen, so it could well be that we do have a situation where the Prime Minister is leader of a party which has fewer seats than one of the others."  09.18 Every General Election is dominated by numbers. How billions would this party give to what, how many thousands of our money would they take from our pay packets? Here's what we know so far about the parties and their own numbers.    09.13 James Kirkup has a few thoughts on the start of the campaign:   The heartless Tories would close the NHS. The feckless Labour Party would bankrupt the country. Repeat ad infinitum and ad nauseum. That is the general election so far. It's traditional stuff from the traditional parties. And that's surely a problem for both.   "The big story of British politics right now is the decline of the big parties. They used to take 95 per cent of all votes cast. These days they struggle to get 65 per cent. Ukip, Greens, nationalists and still the Lib Dems - all are drawing people away from the big two.   "Why? There are as many reasons as there are parties. It's not obvious that Ukippers and Greens have much in common when it comes to policies. But when it comes to their view of politics and politicians, supporters of the insurgent parties often sound rather similar: they're sick of broken promises, sound bites, Westminster weasel wordplay and pointless pointscoring.   "So the big question of today's campaigning, and likely of many days more to come: does the Tory vs Labour/NHS vs spending pantomime reverse the decline in support for the big two parties, or accelerate it?   "Put it another way: If you were not planning to vote Conservative or Labour before today, would the opening campaign salvos persuade you to change your mind?"  09.09 Miliband has been tweeting too. Here's his big idea for the day:  <noframe>Twitter: Ed Miliband - We're campaigning in a different way. Join us as we have 4 million conversations before the election: <a href="http://t.co/SNnxHmlDCA" target="_blank">http://t.co/SNnxHmlDCA</a></noframe> 09.06 Ed Miliband has been out and about early this morning. He told BBC Radio 5 Live he absolutely sees himself as a Prime Minister in waiting, and reinforced the message on BBC Breakfast, saying his Labour colleagues backed him and wanted him to succeed. Hmmm.  09.01 The Liberal Democrats will be the first to set out their plans – Nick Clegg is holding a press conference at his party's Westminster headquarters. The Conservatives are next, with no less than five Cabinet ministers launching a dossier accusing Labour of unfunded pledges. And finally Ed Miliband takes to the stage in Manchester where he will hold a rally for supporters and urge them to hold four million conversations with voters on the doorstep. No sign of Ukip, although Nigel Farage was on the Sunday political television programmes yesterday.  09.00 Good morning and welcome to the first day of General Election 2015! It's going to be a long 121 days, but we'll do our best to keep you up to date with all the twists and turns in what is shaping up to be the most fascinating – and unpredictable – campaign for a generation. 







 






General election 2015





News »


Politics »


Conservative »


Labour »


Liberal Democrats »









In General election 2015






 


Tories let their hair down








 


Countdown to the General Election








 


General Election 2015 latest poll tracker








 


Political bloopers








 


Party leaders urged to take part in Telegraph debate

























Top news galleries





Jeffrey Milstein's Fabricated Landscapes




 




A sky-high look at residential and industrial areas of America






Revealed: The drinks you didn't know you could order at Starbucks




 




There are over 87,000 different drink combinations at Starbucks, according to 
  the coffee retailer’s website… but how many of them do you know? From flu 
  remedies to Harry Potter-inspired beverages, we highlight the weird and the 
  wonderful brews and infusions. 


Comments






From second hand boots to ex-Army tanks: Britain's military surplus for sale




 




The Ministry of Defence has launched a war on unwanted assets - but what's for 
  sale?


Comments






Money men in films: picture special




 


 Film


Twenty years ago, Nick Leeson caused the collapse of Barings, the City’s 
  oldest merchant bank. We look at 10 great films about money men and Wall 
  Street, including Rogue Trader


Comments






The first space 'selfie'




 




In pics: Vintage Nasa space photographs come up for auction 






The Brit Awards' most successful acts




 


 Brit Awards


From Blur to One Direction, the record-breaking winners of the Brits


Comments






Red carpet fashion faux pas




 




As Christina Milian makes a fashion 'boob', we round up a host of other red 
  carpet fashion no-nos






Pictures of the day




 




Today: A cricket-chomping lizard, an exploding house and a cheeky model






Celebrity sightings




 




Featuring: Taylor Swift, an awkward Andy Murray and Cara Delevingne 






Life on the ledge




 




In pics: Death defying freerunner Esty Ilabaca rooftops his way round 
  the world






Eddie Redmayne: his best roles




 


 Film


Following Eddie Redmayne's Oscars triumph, we look at some of the film and 
  television roles that defined him


Comments






Sid James: 10 Carry On wisecracks




 


 Film


Sid James was the bawdy star of 19 Carry On films. Martin Chilton 
  recalls his funniest lines 






Frozen USA




 




In pics: Record-breaking cold in U.S. Midwest heads to frigid East Coast


Comments






Transitioning Cambodia




 




In pics: Collaboration project documents the country's rapid change 






Pictures of the day




 




Today: Aerobatic stunt planes, James Bond filming and kung fu monks









Advertisement





















Advertisement









Latest Poll of Polls»








General election comment»




			James Kirkup


Tories and Labour are both in trouble, so this is a good election to lose






			Mary Riddell


Will Miliband’s fate be decided in classrooms and on campuses?






			Jake Wallis Simons


Labour's paternity leave proposals are stuck in a timewarp






			Boris Johnson


Miliband will never understand that capitalism can cure cancer






			Dan Hodges


Lord Ashcroft's polls are not what they seem






			Szu Ping Chan


Rapid growth is on the cards but fixing the UK will take time






			Alan Tyers


How to avoid the general election (while still sounding interested)






			Allister Heath


Consensus politics rules the UK despite the rise of protest parties






			Janet Daley


At last: the Tories have a pitch-perfect slogan that works






Latest News Videos»







WATCH LIVE


Live: astronauts perform spacewalk to repair ISS








 


Iran attacks replica US ship in military drill








 


Octopus vs crab: who wins?








 


Why the FTSE 100 is at record highs








 


Watch: New Red Arrows tail fins in action








 


CCTV: Moment man is run over in hit-and-run incident



 








More from the web







Advertisement











More from the web











News Most Viewed






TODAY




PAST WEEK




PAST MONTH








Solar eclipse to disrupt power supplies
Teacher banned from classroom after sleeping with private school pupil
Iran attacks replica US ship in military drill
Saudi Arabia court gives death penalty to man who renounced his Muslim faith
Sketch: ‘She’s not going to answer that!’ Natalie Bennett, the Green Party, and the weirdest meltdown of the 2015 election so far




Three missing London schoolgirls 'travelling to Syria to join Isil'
Four out of five women don't shower every day
Barack Obama: Muslim elders too 'boring' to win Isil propaganda war
Snowmageddon: 17 amazing photos of record-breaking US snow
Why will nobody move to Pitcairn, the Pacific island with free land?




The fiddling with temperature data is the biggest science scandal ever known
Jordanian pilot 'burned alive' in new Isil video
Mystery tuna creature is tongue-eating parasite
Mongolian scientists study 200-year-old mummified monk who is 'still alive’
Three missing London schoolgirls 'travelling to Syria to join Isil'










Advertisement































 
				US News




 




                                Latest and breaking stories from the United States



                                View







 
				Football




 




                                Catch up on all the latest football news



                                View







 
				Audi




 




                                Audi R18 in pictures



                                View







 
				Goodwood




 




                                The very best of Goodwood's Moving Motor Show in pictures



                                View












Back to top




HOME
News
UK News
Politics

Long Reads

Wikileaks
Jobs

 
World News
Europe
USA
China

Royal Family News

Celebrity news
Dating

 
Finance
Education
Defence

Weird News

Editor's Choice
Financial Services

 
Pictures
Video
Matt
Alex

Comment

Blogs
Crossword

 
Contact Us
Privacy and Cookies
Advertising
Fantasy Football

Tickets


Announcements
Reader Prints






Follow Us
Apps
Epaper
Expat


Promotions
Subscriber
Syndication



 

© Copyright of Telegraph Media Group Limited 2015
Terms and Conditions 
Today's News
Archive
Style Book
Weather Forecast


 






































