TZUKAN Real Estate Business Consulting Election uncertainty ‘set to hit UK foreign property demand’ | TZUKAN Real Estate Business Consulting  
TZUKAN Real Estate Business Consulting Election uncertainty ‘set to hit UK foreign property demand’ | TZUKAN Real Estate Business Consulting





We offer all the tools necessary for landing the full scope of business you really deserve.

 
   








Feel free to call us: +34 617 369 878

Business Consulting

About us


Real Estate Consulting

Projects
Testimonials
Partners


Project Financing
Investors
News
Contacts









Home Real Estate Election uncertainty ‘set to hit UK foreign property demand’




Election uncertainty ‘set to hit UK foreign property demand’ 








 

Posted by: Gregor Wegener
In: Real Estate
08 Dec 2014


Comments: 0 

Tags: construction, fund, home, homes, house, houses, investments, mortgage, properties, property, real estate, realestate 




.




With the UK General Election due in May 2015, interest from British buyers in overseas property could wane, says the OverseasGuidesCompany.com, but it may pick up in the second half of the year as more liberal pension rules benefit the market
With the UK election coming and the prospect of looming rising in interest rates, the first half of 2015 could be quieter for UK overseas property buyers, it is feared.
On the other hand, changes in UK pension rules allowing retirees to take out lump sums could help reinvigorate the market, particularly in the second half of the year, says the OverseasGuidesCompany.com website.
One thing is certain, thanks to a buoyant housing market and stronger sterling rates, 2014 has seen a fresh wave of interest from British buyers in overseas property, with Spain again taking the lead as the number one destination in December 2014.
Angelos Koutsoudes, Head of the OverseasGuidesCompany.com , says, “Spain has unsurprisingly taken the lead, nudging France into second place.
“With a jam-packed Autumn Statement last week and considerable economic developments throughout 2014, thoughts now turn to next year – the pension reforms could channel more money towards property purchases, both in the UK and abroad, but the uncertainty that precedes a general election could hold market activity back a bit until after May. We’ll have to wait and see what direction the markets take as a result.”
In 2014, the Overseas Guides Company saw a 17% rise in downloads of its Buying Guides, during the first three quarters of this year, although the uncertainty surrounding the Scottish referendum hit Quarter 3 demand.
The Spain Buying Guide was downloaded more than the French Buying Guide and that is expected to continue in the last few months of the year. In the first nine months of 2013, the France Guide was more popular.
Sterling’s recovery against the euro during the year helped drive British buyers back to popular European markets and confidence has returned to property markets in Portugal, where inquiries for the first three quarters of 2014 rose 38% and in Italy, which were up 27% annually,.
After starting the year at circa £1/€1.20 and hitting a low of £1/€1.191 in March, Sterling has climbed to rates upwards of £1/€1.27 in December. The end of September saw it hit a high of £1/€1.28. In real terms, Sterling’s rebound means a €150,000 property is around £6,000 cheaper in December than it was in January to a UK buyer.
Going into 2015, with the General Election in May, politics are likely to affect British people’s plans to purchase overseas property in 2015.
“The prospect of the pre-election Budget in March and general election in May next year could affect the UK housing market, economy and strength of Sterling. This could lead to a quieter first half of the year for the overseas market, with it picking up again in the last two quarters, once people are able to plan,” says the OverseasGuidesCompany.com.
The changes to Stamp Duty announced in last week’s Autumn Statement, which introduce a graduated system that makes it cheaper to buy property for most people in the UK, should invigorate the bottom half of the UK housing market. This could benefit those who need to sell their UK home to fund a move overseas or foreign property purchase.
“The UK’s base interest rate is now expected to remain at its historic low into late 2015, and it’s a similar story in the Eurozone, where mortgage rates are at record lows. These conditions are favourable for British buyers, which could be complemented further as Sterling continues to strengthen against the euro.”
The introduction of new pension rules in April 2015 will enable retirees to take their pension in lump sums than being obliged to buy an annuity, which makes it easier for future retirees to invest in a new home abroad.
By Adrian Bishop, Editor, OPP ConnectTwitter: @opp_connect
Source:: OPP
Share

 





Sorry, the comment form is closed at this time.
 



 















 
   

© 2014 TZUKAN & Global BD Consulting. All Rights Reserved. 

Home
About
Legal Notice
News
Sitemap
Contacts
 





 





