Ukip leader Nigel Farage performs fresh U-turn by using hedge funds to power election push 
Ukip leader Nigel Farage performs fresh U-turn by using hedge funds to power election push


UK EDITIONAUSTRALIA EDITIONCHINA EDITIONINDIA EDITIONITALY EDITIONJAPAN EDITIONU.K. EDITIONU.S. EDITIONWEDNESDAY, 25TH FEBRUARY, 2015Sign inFacebookTwitterGoogle PlusRSSSearchInternational Business Times UK 



International Business Times UK

 


News
Business
Economy
Technology
Science
Sport
Entertainment
Opinion
Video






 




Society


Politics


Rupert Murdoch






Ukip leader Nigel Farage performs fresh U-turn by using hedge funds to power election push





By 
Sean Martin


January 2, 2015 08:55 GMT

















Ukip leader Nigel Farage is dependent on hedge fund managers to help bankroll his political party, despite once saying that profiting from such deals is "just not on".
Farage, who has claimed that he wants to create a "people's party" away from the capitalist culture, has urged his party members to cosy up to the fat cats of the city, according to a leaked document.
In the report from 2012, he says that the hedge fund industry will provide the means for Ukip to continue its meteoric rise.
The document also claimed that the party's surprising success "is very interesting. We are very close to the tipping point of being able to do something very very big.
"The type of people we are talking to has changed. People who would have slammed the door in our face three years ago are inviting us. The key to money for us will be the hedge fund industry."
The minutes add: "Nigel Farage feels that Expo [stands] is a tax-efficient way for money to be given to Ukip."
Farage also speaks of a billionaire businessman he met in Switzerland and asked fellow Ukip members to reach out to prominent financiers.
Influential hedge fund owner Crispin Odey, son-in-law of Rupert Murdoch, is named in the report as a supporter, with minutes detailing that he threw a party at Odey Asset Management offices in a bid to introduce Farage and his clan to the wealthiest of the city, and also donated £32,000.
JO Hambro co-founder Christopher Mills was another donor, apparently ploughing £50,000 into Ukip.
However, Farage was not confident that all of the party's members were capable of wooing investors. Indeed he said of one, unnamed member: "We could not take him to meet the large City donors. [He had] no forcefulness and no passion that sticks and registers".
Farage has often been accused of lacking detail in his core policies, and for reversing his stance on key issues such as the NHS, which he now believes should be free at the point of delivery, despite previously suggesting Britain should move to an insurance-based model.
 
This comes despite Farage once saying that such deals are “just not on”(Reuters)RelatedUkip trouble shooter hired to keep 'bad stuff' out of mediaSurvey shows support for Ukip is lacking among young peopleUkip supporter Timothy Miller gets Union Flag wrong with Santa appealNicola Sturgeon beats Ukip leader Nigel Farage to become British politician of 2014








 Comments 





 Recommend 




 Share 










Recommend
Share
Recommend
Recommend
Share
Share
Recommend
Share







YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola














TRENDING ARTICLES AND OFFERSAdvertising provided by Adblade
















IBT Video





Worst avalanches in 30 years kill 92 in Afghanistan





Why advertise with us



Columnists




Stefan Stern
“Actions of HSBC boss Stuart Gulliver show we must reject heroic leadership







Why advertise with us




                                                                    READ MORE                                                      
                            






Solar energy to be cheapest power source in 10 years
A steep decline in the price of solar panels predicts think tank, will make the sun cheapest source of electricity.





Isis to kill Assyrian Christians unless US stops bombing
Islamic State expected to demand that US stops airstrikes in exchange for Assyrian Christians abducted.,





Same sex couple babies possible due to stem cell breakthrough
Scientists find way to make egg and sperm cells using skin from adults of the same sex.





Judge who froze billionaire's assets spotted driving his Porsche
Brazil: Judge Souza seized symbols of Eike Batista 's high-flying lifestyle amid a trial for insider trading.





GI Jumbo: US Army train elephants to sniff out bombs
In the South African bush, elephants are being trained to use their exceptional sense of smell to sniff out explosives.




 
Jerusalem: Franciscan monks' snowball fight video goes viral
YouTube clip shows six monks engaging in snow battle during Israel's snowstorm.





Football legend jailed for swimming in his own pool
Italian Football World Cup winner Fabio Cannavaro went for a swim, but landed in hot water.





Bubonic plague: Giant gerbils 'caused Black Death'
Study finds climate variations could have caused medieval outbreak that killed 200 million people.





Scan reveals mummified Buddhist master in Chinese statue
Experts in Netherlands discovery 11th century mummy of Master Liuquan inside statue.





Russia offers Iran hi-tech missiles as Moscow monetises ME conflict
New offer comes after Israeli and US pressure resulted in 2010 missile deal being dropped.





Khalifa Haftar: Former Muammar Gaddafi strongman set to lead Libyan government forces
Nicknamed the 'rogue general', Haftar is believed by some to be plotting to oust the current prime minister.





Isis: French delegates meet Syrian president Bashar al-Assad in Damascus to discuss terrorism
Paris at pains to stress this visit was not official and does not represent policy reversal.





Glasgow bin lorry crash driver Harry Clarke will not face any charges
Driver of refuse truck that killed six people over Christmas period will not be prosecuted.





Why advertise with us






  














Home
Business
Economy
Technology
Science
Sport
Entertainment
Opinion
Video







About us

Advertise with us
Brand


Terms of service
Privacy
Permission
Syndication
Contact


Editions:
Australia
China
India
Italy
Japan
U.K.
U.S.







© Copyright 2015 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved.

Facebook
Twitter
Linkedin
Google Plus
RSS




 







 














