iTunes - Books - Disability and the UK General Election 2015 by Harry Taylor 
iTunes - Books - Disability and the UK General Election 2015 by Harry Taylor




Menu
Apple




Apple
Store
Mac
iPhone
Watch
iPad
iPod
iTunes
Support




Search apple.com


Search apple.com
Reset


Search apple.com






OverviewMusicVideoCharts




Opening the iTunes Store.If iTunes doesn’t open, click the iTunes icon in your Dock or on your Windows desktop.Progress Indicator
Opening the iBooks Store.If iBooks doesn't open, click the iBooks app in your Dock.Progress Indicator




iTunes
iTunes is the world's easiest way to organize and add to your digital media collection.

        We are unable to find iTunes on your computer. To download from the iTunes Store, get iTunes now.          
      

Do you already have iTunes? Click I Have iTunes to open it now.





iTunes for Mac + PC









Disability and the UK General Election 2015
Disability Toolkit
Harry Taylor


View More by This Author

This book is available for download with iBooks on your Mac or iPad, and with iTunes on your computer. Multi-touch books can be read with iBooks on your Mac or iPad. Books with interactive features may work best on an iPad. iBooks on your Mac requires OS X 10.9 or later.




      
      Description
    
Disability and the UK General Election 2015: Disability Toolkit.  A disabled person’s toolkit for each parliamentary seat examining disability prevalence, disabled votes, majorities, marginals, political context and embedded interactive tools for campaigning and asking questions of your MPs.  No politician or political party represents any of the political interests as disabled persons or disabled voters.  By the Office of Disability Issues own research, 10.6 million statutory disabled adult voters are living in the UK.  Thats roughly 1 in 6 people in the UK with some degree of disability arising from a physical and or mental impairment. #ukdisability2015
How will your vote count in 2015?



      
      What's New in Version 1.2
    
An additional interactive feature added on request from a reader.

Content remains unchanged.





View In iTunes
FreeAvailable on iPad and Mac.Category: Politics & Current AffairsPublished:  28 January 2015Publisher: Harry TaylorPrint Length: 99 PagesLanguage: EnglishVersion: 1.2Requirements: To view this book, you must have an iPad with iBooks 3 or later and iOS 5.1 or later, or a Mac with iBooks 1.0 or later and OS X 10.9 or later.


Customer Ratings

  
  

  
  We have not received enough ratings to display an average for this book.

  




      
      More by Harry Taylor
    




The State Reform Act






Book Title






60 - 64 Year Old Welfare Supported Voters






Rogues, Riches & Retribution
















Disability and the UK General Election 2015 is available for download from iBooks.
iBooks is an amazing way to download and read books on iPhone, iPad, or iPod touch. You can download iBooks from the App Store.


Get iBooks
Learn More About iBooks










Disability and the UK General Election 2015 is available for download from iBooks.



iBooks is an amazing way to download and read books on iPhone, iPad, or iPod touch. You can download iBooks from the App Store.
Get iBooks
Learn More About iBooks








Discover and share new apps. Follow us on 
@AppStore.


Discover and share new music, films, TV, books and more.

Follow us @iTunes and discover the music we love.




Home
iTunes



iTunes

Download iTunes
Features
iTunes Charts



More iTunes

Digital Music Basics
iTunes Gifts
iTunes U
iPod + iTunes Support
AirPlay
Accessibility



Working with iTunes

Overview
Sell Your Content
Enhance Your Content
Market with iTunes
Link to iTunes



iTunes Store

Browse iTunes Store
Browse App Store
Buy Music Now
Buy iTunes Gift Cards
Redeem iTunes Gift Cards
iTunes Corporate Sales
Free Single of the Week







Shop at the Apple Online Store, call 0800 048 0408, visit an Apple Retail Store or find a retailer.

Apple Info
Site Map
Hot News
RSS Feeds
Contact Us



Copyright © 2014 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.

Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Use of Cookies







