ELECTIONS 2015 | APC convention to be held in Abuja 

ELECTIONS 2015 | APC convention to be held in Abuja







Home
Official APC Press Releases
Articles

Media Interventions


Interviews

National Publicity Secretary
Others


Videos
Gallery
The APC Manifesto
About APC

Constitution of the APC
























Home
Official APC Press Releases
Articles

Media Interventions


Interviews

National Publicity Secretary
Others


Videos
Gallery
The APC Manifesto
About APC

Constitution of the APC


























 
























APC Convention | APC holds extraordinary national convention to amend party constitution, adopt 2015 election manifesto



Oct 26, 2014
|
									
																		Posted by									


All Progressives Congress




|


Official APC Press Releases
|


3 comments


|






The All Progressives Congress (APC) will hold an extraordinary national convention on Wednesday, 29th Oct. 2014 in Abuja to approve amendments to  the constitution of the party and also adopt its manifesto for the 2015 general elections.
In a statement issued in Lagos on Sunday  by its National Publicity Secretary, Alhaji Lai Mohammed, the party said the  proposed amendments when approved at the national convention will align  the party’s constitution better with the Electoral Act and also allow  the APC to function more efficiently.
It also said the APC convention would adopt the six-point manifesto that has been extracted  from the one submitted to INEC earlier for the purpose of the 2015 general elections.
”The manifesto to be adopted at the extraordinary convention of our party is specifically for the 2015 general elections. Because of shifting priorities, we do not believe that a party manifesto should be one for all time but a document that will adjust to the changing needs of the people.
”In this regard, we have conducted a survey to find out what Nigerians urgently need at the moment to raise their standard of living and ensure their security and welfare, which is the raison d’etre of any government. Based on the outcome of the survey, we have come up with a six-point manifesto, which we extracted from the one we submitted to INEC earlier.
”The six broad priority areas for the APC ahead of the 2015 general elections are National Security, Good Governance, Human Capital Development, Economic Development, Land and Natural Resources as well as Foreign Policy. The issue of job creation, fight against corruption, infrastructural development, health, qualitative education, regular power supply, etc are subsumed under these broad priority areas,” APC said.
The party said once the manifesto has been adopted at this APC convention it will be made massively available to all Nigerians, complete with the full details, in many languages.
Alhaji Lai Mohammed
National Publicity Secretary
All Progressives Congress (APC)
Lagos, Oct. 26th 2014





 


Tags: 2015APCelectionsManifestoNational ConventionNigeria Elections 2015Nigerian Elections 2015Nigerians




3 Comments

1 


You also might be interested in


















 President Jonathan, stop this reign of impunity in Rivers – APC

Jan 12, 2014




				The All Progressives Congress (APC) has asked President Goodluck Jonathan to[...]			





















 Abducted school girls: APC calls Chikwe’s comments absurd, insensitive

May 1, 2014




				The All Progressives Congress (APC) has said it is stupefied[...]			





















 APC insists Fayose must be arrested, prosecuted over attack on Judge

Oct 2, 2014




				The All Progressives Congress (APC) has reiterated its earlier call[...]			















thewatcher



APC’s manifesto is going to blow all the nay-sayers and bad belle people out of the water once and for all






Gnwatch



The journey to rescue Nigeria has begun






boikyaa



Good one












ARCHIVES 
Select Month
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 

 
LET’S TALK ABOUT CORRUPTION 
 
LATEST POSTS

Ekiti rigging tape​: You got it wrong, Mr. President​ – APC
25 Feb 2015
The All Progressives Congress (APC) has described as untenable and an after-thought the statement credited to President Goodluck Jonathan as the reason why the Ekiti rigging audio tape has not been investigated, saying the President’s waffling on the issue shows he may have something to hide. In a statement issued in London on Wednesday by […]

(No Comments)


APC accuses Jonathan of allowing Boko Haram to fester, hails military over recent successes
24 Feb 2015
The All Progressives Congress (APC) has said President Goodluck Jonathan bears a huge moral responsibility that will hunt him for a long time to come for deliberately allowing the Boko Haram insurgency to fester, leading to the deaths of over 15,000 Nigerians and the displacement of over 3 million others in the past six years. In a statement issued […]

(5 Comments)


Pres. Jonathan’s land grab is abuse of office, corruption – APC
23 Feb 2015
The All Progressives Congress (APC) has said President Goodluck Jonathan committed a serious error of judgement, abused his office, violated the Constitution and engaged in corruption through his Abuja land grab that fetched him 90.04 Ha of land in the Aviation Village barely seven months after he was sworn into office. In a statement issued in London on Monday […]

(4 Comments)


 
RECENT COMMENTSThecreed on APC accuses Jonathan of allowing Boko Haram to fester, hails military over recent successesThecreed on Pres. Jonathan’s land grab is abuse of office, corruption – APColawale on Mr. President is being hypocritical over railway revival , love for SW – APColawale on APC accuses Jonathan of allowing Boko Haram to fester, hails military over recent successesexcel on APC accuses Jonathan of allowing Boko Haram to fester, hails military over recent successes 
TWITTER FEED




								RT  @NGYouths4Change : " @deleyewilliams : Ekiti state deserves a saner and intelligent person to govern them #fountainofknowledge  @ibrmshoib  @…								

2 hours ago 


								Ekiti rigging tape​: You got it wrong, Mr. President​ – APC  http://t.co/Tx9tzaYC88 								

2 hours ago 


Follow @APCPressRelease
 
FACEBOOK
 



 










Contact Us
Send us an email and we'll get back to you, asap.





Send Message












 
What is APC Press Releases? This is an interactive archive and news website centered around the All Progressives Congress political party. It is designed so that the politically active and involved people can come to see the official APC press releases; both past and present, other relevant APC information and also leave comments and discuss opinions about the various issues raised.



 
Sections 
Articles (8)

Gallery (3)

Interviews (5)

National Publicity Secretary (5)



Media Interventions (15)

Official APC Press Releases (194)

Videos (6)


 
Most Commented Posts  

APC condemns attempt to cover up the $9.3 million scandal, hails members in House of Reps
By All Progressives Congress on September 25, 2014

31


All Progressives Congress (APC) raises alarm over PDP-instigated, police-backed impunity in Ekiti
By All Progressives Congress on November 17, 2014

18


 





 




Copyright © [2014] · All Progressives Congress.
			
			









Prev



Next












 
































