Election News and Live Updates for 11 Dec 2014 
Election News and Live Updates for 11 Dec 2014
























Latest


SAD workers try to capture polling booth in Chandigarh | 43.41 percent of polling was recorded in the state till noon | Amritsar- 46.2%, Bathinda- 64%, Barnala- 46%,  Ferozepur- 44.6%, Faridkot- 43.34%, Fazilka- 46%, Fatehgarh Sahib- 41%, Gurdaspur- 38%, Hoshiarpur- 42.78%, Jalandhar- 42.67%, Kapurthala- 44%, Ludhiana- 36.55%, Moga- 62.64%, Mansa- 51%, Patiala- 34.5%, Pathankot- 35%, Roopnagar- 36%, Mukatsar- 33.91%, SAS Nagar- 36.71%, Sangrur- 41%, Nawashahr- 46.3%, Tarn Taran- 43% |  







Centre


Lok Sabha
Rajya Sabha
Cabinet Ministers
MPs 2014
Ministries
Anglo Indian MPs


States


About States' Election
Vidhan Sabha
Chief Ministers
Governors


Results


Election Results
Delhi Election Results
2013 Delhi Election Results
2008 Delhi Election Results


Government


Government of India
Prime Minister
President
Vice President
CEO
Structure of Parliament
Municipal Corporation


Delhi Election


About Delhi Elections
Delhi Cabinet 2015
Work done by Kejriwal Government 
Delhi Assembly Constituencies
Delhi Assembly Election Issues
50 Questions for Delhi
Polling Booths


For Voters


Elections FAQs
New Trends
Who Can Vote
Importance of Elections
Why Should We Vote
Politicians
Parties


What's New


News
Blog
Political Corner
Infographics
Quiz
Upcoming Elections












































Track Your Constituency

Type



Select
Assembly
Parliamentary



Select State



Constituency






 


Home           » News and Events        

 








Government of India




Ministers of India
Chief Ministers of India
Governors of India
Presidents of India
Members of Parliament








Political Parties




Bharatiya Janata Party
Indian National Congress
Bahujan Samaj Party
Communist Party of India
Communist Party of India(M)
Nationalist Congress Party


More..








Political Leaders




Vasundhara Raje
Ashok Gehlot
C P Joshi
Sachin Pilot
Arvind Kejriwal
Dr. HarshVardhan
Shiela Dixit


More..








Elections in India




India Parliamentary constituencies
India Assembly constituencies
Assembly Elections 2014
General Elections 2014
Elections 2014
Who Can Vote in India
Importance of Elections in India
Why Should We Vote in India








Election Commission of India




Delhi
Karnataka
Madhya Pradesh
Rajasthan
Chhattisgarh


More..








Chief Electoral Officers




Delhi
Karnataka
Rajasthan
Madhya Pradesh
Uttar Pradesh


More..








India State Elections




Delhi
Rajasthan
Madhya Pradesh
Uttar Pradesh
Maharashtra
Haryana
Punjab


more...








India General Elections History




General Elections 2014
General Elections 2009
General Elections 2004
General Elections 1999
General Elections 1998
General Elections 1996
General Elections 1992
General Elections 1991
General Elections 1989
General Elections 1985
General Elections 1984
General Elections 1980
General Elections 1977
General Elections 1971
General Elections 1967
General Elections 1962
General Elections 1957
General Elections 1951



 










 India Election News









 

Search News By Date 
select state
MaharashtraJharkhandDelhiJammu and KashmirHaryana 



News Online



				Digital connectivity to reduce rural-urban gap: Prasad				

	Proliferation of digital connectivity will help bridge the gap between rural and urban India, Communications and IT Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad said in New Delhi on Thursday. "Proliferation of digital connectivity will help in bridging gaps in the homogeneous development of the society and must be pursuit with full earnest to ensure that fruits of developments reach all sections of society and all corners of the state," he said, while inaugurating National Conference on Open Data and Open API. Prasad said the digital world has the potential to change the mindset and empower equally the under-privileged. Availability of data is integral part of good governance and open data platform helps in further strengthening participative democracy, he said, adding the idea of opening up data is picking up in the government sector.

	Source: IANS
 2014-12-11 05:39:43 PM



				Opposition slams government over agrarian crisis				

	The opposition in Rajya Sabha on Thursday slammed the BJP-led government for failing to bailout farmers from an agrarian crisis. Initiating the discussion on the issue in the upper house on Thursday, Congress leader Anand Sharma urged government to formulate a national policy to protect the interests of farmers by increasing minimum support price (MSP) and supporting them to increase country's food production. "Farmer suicides are taking place across the country... and you are giving loan on seven percent interest. We had waived off loans of Rs.72,000 crore, government can waive off the interest atleast," he said. "Diesel prices went down international market, but you increased the cess. Fertiliser prices have gone up, irrigation is in poor situation, ground water is depleting, electricity is not enough... And you asked Food Corporation of India to decrease procurement by 30 percent, what was you thought behind it?" Sharma asked.

	Source: IANS
 2014-12-11 05:22:55 PM



				No change in India's stand on climate change, says government				

	India wants developed countries to fulfill their commitments under the Unite Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change of providing resources to the developing countries to mitigate adverse impact due to climate change, parliament was told on Thursday. "We want developed countries to contribute more because they are more responsible for emitting greenhouse gases. Our national commitment is there," Minister of State for Home Affairs Kiren Rijiju said in response to a question in Rajya Sabha on behalf of Environment Minister Prakash Javadekar, who is attending a UN Climate Change Summit at Lima in Peru. Asked about the climate change deal signed by US and China, the minister said India has nothing to do with it.

	Source: IANS
 2014-12-11 04:52:16 PM



				Conversions aimed at polarising nation: Congress				

	The Congress on Thursday said the incident of alleged forced conversions in Agra is a ploy by the government to "polarise" the nation and sought a clarification from Prime Minister Narendra Modi regarding the matter. Congress leader Jyotiraditya Scindia said the government is trying to polarise the country, so that it can digress from issues like black money and hike in rail fare. "This is against the constitution. It wants to digress from real issues like black money, rail fare hike and incursions by China. So, it has started this campaign for polarisation," he said in the Lok Sabha during a debate over the issue. The alleged forcible conversions of about 300 Muslims in Agra found its echo in parliament on Wednesday as well as on Thursday, with opposition members raising the issue in both the houses.

	Source: IANS
 2014-12-11 04:35:39 PM



				Fadnavis announces Rs.7,000 crore aid for drought-hit farmers				

	Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis on Thursday announced a total aid package of Rs.7,000 crore for the state's debt-hit farmers. Announcing the relief in the state legislature in Nagpur, he also said the government will "take over" the private loans of around half a million farmers mainly in Vidarbha and Marathwada, the worst affected regions of the state reeling under a severe drought. "We shall prepare a detailed plan on this aspect and shall ensure that the farmers can avail of institutional finance, as loans are the major cause of suicides," Fadnavis said. The farmers in these regions would also be entitled to waiver of electricity bills for three months, besides restructuring of existing farm loans, he said.

	Source: IANS
 2014-12-11 04:31:10 PM








				Bengal deputy speaker calls herself the 'chief minister'				

	Trinamool Congress leader and the deputy speaker of West Bengal Assembly Sonali Guha was on Thursday caught on tape threatening and manhandling residents of an apartment in Howrah district. Accompanied by Trinamool activists and policemen, Guha is seen in the footage, aired by TV news channels, threatening the residents of an apartment in Salkia, declaring herself as the "the chief minister" and "the government". "I am the chief minister; I am the government. Don't mess with me. Do as I say," Guha is seen telling the president of the building's residents' association Nagendra Rai threatening to evict him from his flat and locking it up, over a non-functional elevator in the building.

	Source: IANS
 2014-12-11 04:26:36 PM



				Need to boost trade between India, Russia: Putin				

	There is a need to boost trade between India and Russia, Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Thursday. Speaking to media here after his summit talks with Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Putin said Russia was keen to deepen the political dialogue between the two countries to strengthen cooperation in various areas. He said the two countries have a special privileged partnership. "It continues to develop dynamically," Putin said. Referring to the annual bilateral trade, he said it was not enough. "We talked of measures to diversify bilateral trade," Putin said.

	Source: IANS
 2014-12-11 04:09:18 PM



				Russia is India's foremost defence partner: Modi				

	Russia is India's foremost partner in defence, said Prime Minister Narendra Modi in New Delhi on Thursday. Russia is most important defence partner and "we have conducted joint military drill of the three wings in the last six months", said Modi after holding the annual summit talks with Russian President Vladimir Putin.

	Source: IANS
 2014-12-11 03:56:58 PM



				India's ties with Russia incomparable: Modi				

	India's strategic partnership with Russia is "incomparable in content", said Prime Minister Narendra Modi in New Delhi on Thursday. Russia has been "a pillar of strength" for India, said Modi after holding the annual summit talks with Russian President Vladimir Putin. Modi said that "we have met twice at the opposite ends of the world - at Brazil and Australia". He recalled that President Putin and then prime minister Atal Bihar Vajpayee launched the annual summit process in 2000. The prime minister said the two countries have "a strategic partnership that is incomparable in content". He added that Russia has been "a steadfast supporter" even in difficult moments of history.

	Source: IANS
 2014-12-11 03:47:32 PM



				India agrees to identify second site for Russian N-plants				

	India has agreed to identify a second site for Russian-designed nuclear plants, External Affairs Ministry spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin said on Thursday. In a series of tweets following summit-level talks between Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Russian President Vladimir Putin, Akbaruddin said the two countries have agreed on strategic vision to strengthen cooperation in atomic energy. "At Summit India-Russia agree on Strategic Vision to strengthen cooperation in peaceful uses of atomic energy," Akbaruddin tweeted. "India agrees to expeditiously identify a 2nd site, in addition to Kudankulam, for Russian-designed nuclear power units in India." "In talks with @KremlinRussia_E, PM @narendramodi expresses hope that Russian companies will take advantage of avenues to 'Make in India'," he said.

	Source: IANS
 2014-12-11 03:45:24 PM








				IRDA advised to frame guidelines for MCA structure				

	India's insurance regulator has been advised by a select committee of the Rajya Sabha to examine and frame guidelines for allowing multiple corporate agencies (MCAs) to represent more than two insurers. The select committee on the Insurance Laws (Amendment) Bill also categorically said that insurers cannot absolve themselves of the acts of omission and commission of their agents. The report of the select committee, headed by the BJP's Chandan Mitra, was tabled in the Rajya Sabha on Wednesday. The committee has advised the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (IRDA) to "frame appropriate guidelines in consultation with the stakeholders, especially as regards allowing an MCA to operate for more than two Insurance Companies (both life and non-life)." Under the existing corporate agency regulations a corporate agent can represent only one life/general and health insurer.

	Source: IANS

	 
 2014-12-11 03:41:31 PM



				Eight held after molestation victim commits suicide				

	Unable to bear the humiliation of her father being assaulted by her molesters, a Class IX student in West Bengal's Burdwan district hanged herself, police said on Thursday. Eight people have been arrested for abetting suicide and molestation, police added. The incident happened in Ukhra under Andal police station on Wednesday. According to the complaint filed by the victim's family, a gang of boys used to repeatedly pass lewd comments at the girl. When her father Wednesday tried to confront them, he was assaulted. Later in the day, the girl, a student of P.G. Girls High school, was found hanging from the ceiling inside her house. "Today (Thursday) we have arrested eight people and booked them for molestation and abetment to suicide," an officer of Andal police station said.

	Source: IANS
 2014-12-11 03:26:52 PM



				Third installment of AAP's army for elections released.				

	Arvind Kejriwal led Aam Aadmi Party made public a third list of candidates on Wednesday for the upcoming Delh assembly elections. Rcently inducted into AAP, former BSP corporator abd ex-duputy mayor of South Delhi Sahi Ram and former BJP councilor Kartar Singh Tanwar are among those whose names were announced. While former Apple executive Adarsh Shastri is another famous name in the list. Adarsh Shastri, the brain behind the compilation of AAP election manifesto, will contetst elections from Dwarka assembly segment. Whereas Sahi Ram will be representing the Tughlakabad constituency. Kartar Singh Tanwar will contest from Chattarpur. Rituraj Jha has been fielded from Kirari assembly seat, a close aid of AAP supremo Kejriwal since their Anit-Corruption Movement days.

	Source: News Reports
 2014-12-11 03:00:44 PM



				Pawan Kalyan's Jana Sena now a registered political party				

	The Election Commission of India has registered Telugu actor-politician Pawan Kalyan's Jana Sena as a political party. The poll panel registered the party with effect from Nov 24, 2014 under the section 29A of the Representation of People Act, 1951, the party said. Pawan, a popular actor and brother of actor-turned politician Chiranjeevi, had announced formation of the party before the April-May elections this year. He, however, did not field any candidate but backed Telugu Desam Party (TDP)-Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) combine in both Andhra Pradesh and newly created Telangana state.

	Source: IANS
 2014-12-11 02:24:42 PM



				FIR against Kerala finance minister in bar graft case				

	The Vigilance and Anti Corruption Bureau on Thursday filed an FIR against Kerala Finance Minister K.M. Mani after conducting a quick verification of the allegation that bar hotel owners association had given him a Rs.1 crore bribe. Mani, who is in Delhi to attend a meeting, told reporters that there is no reason for him to resign. "There are so many leaders who are facing similar probes. There is no truth in this baseless allegation and soon the truth will emerge," said Mani. The trouble began when whistle-blower bar owner Biju Ramesh, who is also the working chairman of the Kerala Bar Hotel Owners Association, took part in a TV channel discussion in October. He alleged that Mani has received Rs.1 crore to ensure that 418 bars must be allowed to function.

	Source: IANS
 2014-12-11 02:21:25 PM








				India, Russia hold summit talks, to ink agreements				

	India and Russia held their 15th Annual Summit talks in New Delhi on Thursday with the two sides expected to ink major agreements later in the field of energy, defence and trade. The talks between Prime Minster Narendra Modi and visiting Russian President Vladimir Putin are being held at Hyderabad House. It is the first full-fledged summit between India and Russia after the Modi government took office in May. External Affairs Ministry spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin tweeted: "Beginning with smiles. Prime Minister @narendramodi & Prez @KremlinRussia begin annual summit talks in New Delhi." Putin, who arrived Wednesday night on a 24-hour visit, was welcomed by Modi via Twitter, saying he looked forward to a "productive visit that will take India-Russia ties to newer heights".

	Source: IANS
 2014-12-11 02:18:39 PM



				JD-U, RJD merger is certain: Vashisht Narayan Singh				

	Bihar's ruling Janata Dal-United and the Rashtriya Janata Dal will soon merge to counter the surging BJP, JD-U state president Vashisht Narayan Singh on Thursday said. "The JD-U and RJD will merge soon. It is certain and there is no doubt about it," Vashisht Narayan Singh, who is considered close to former chief minister Nitish Kumar, told reporters in Patna. He said: "The JD-U and RJD will merge and a new party will be formed in Bihar and at the national level." His remark has come four days after six parties of "Janata Parivar" (Janata family) have decided to unite and authorised Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav to work out the modalities for the merger. He claimed that the Rashtriya Janata Dal (RJD) will join the Janata Dal-United (JD-U) government led by Chief Minister Jitan Ram Manjhi after the merger. Last month, it was decided that the JD-U and the RJD will merge ahead of the next assembly polls in 2015.

	Source: IANS
 2014-12-11 02:15:49 PM



				Woman attacked with acid in Srinagar				

	A young woman, who is a law student, was attacked with acid in Srinagar on Thursday, leaving her in a critical condition, police said. Police said the 21-year-old woman was attacked by unidentified assailants in Nowshehra locality of Srinagar city on Thursday afternoon. "The woman has been shifted to Sher-e-Kashmir Institute of Medical Sciences (SKIMS) Soura where doctors have described her condition as critical," a senior police officer said. Police said the victim is a student of a law college in the city. "A manhunt has been started to nab the culprits...," the officer said.

	Source: IANS
 2014-12-11 02:09:49 PM



				Government open to discuss Agra 'conversions': Naidu				

	Parliamentary Affairs Minister M. Venkaiah Naidu on Thursday said that the government was ready for a detailed discussion on the Agra 'conversions' issue. "Let the parliament discuss the issue threadbare and then come to a conclusion, and then let all states and centre together tackle this challenging task of conversions and re-conversions," Naidu told reporters outside the parliament. He also said a legislation to ban conversion could be considered if all parties extend support. "If all the parties support, let there be a legislation also to ban conversion, because this has been the wish of Mahatma Gandhi," he said. The minister's comments follow the recent incident of alleged forcible conversion of about 300 Muslims in Agra, which rocked the parliament for the second time on Thursday.

	Source: IANS
 2014-12-11 02:06:51 PM



				Goa attacks on BJP legislators continue				

	BJP's Michael Lobo is the latest addition to a mysterious spree of ruling party legislators who were at the receiving end of ugly scuffles in public over the past one year. Lobo, elected from the cash-rich coastal constituency of Calangute in North Goa, fractured his hand after an outgoing deputy Sarpanch in his constituency assaulted him with a wooden stick last week. While Lobo claimed that his attacker, Cleophas Fernandes, who has since been booked for attempt to murder, attacked him out of frustration, after failing to retain his seat in the Arpora-Nagoa village panchayat, the opposition claims the clash followed a tourism-related extortion racket in which several politicians are allegedly involved.

	Source: IANS
 2014-12-11 02:02:24 PM







				Protest in Rajya Sabha over eulogising Godse				

	The Rajya Sabha witnessed protests on Thursday as opposition leaders raised the issue of Mahatma Gandhi's assassin Nathuram Godse being eulogised in Maharashtra. "Nathuram Godse 'shaurya divas' (bravery day) is being observed in Maharashtra," said Congress leader Husain Dalwai, raising the issue in the Rajya Sabha. He alleged that two legislators were also in the list of invitees. "They are deliberately observing the 'shaurya divas' of the man who killed Father of the Nation. There was forced conversion in Agra, and now this...," Dalwai said, alleging that groups associated with ruling Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) were responsible for this. "I have written to Maharashtra chief minister on this," he added.

	Source: IANS
 2014-12-11 01:59:47 PM



				Defence Minister reviews security situation in J&K				

	Union defence minister Manohar Parrikar is on a visit to the state of Jammu & Kashmir to review security situation ahead of the fourth phase of the assembly elections. The minister's visit to the terror struck state has come a few days after a suicide bomb attack in Uri killed 8 army men. Parrikar paid homage to the war memorial at Badamibagh headquarters of the Army's 15 Corps. The defence minister faced a scathing attack by the opposition parties for not having paid any attention to the troubled state and visiting Goa for a private function instead a few days back. The polling for the fourth of the five phase elections is to take place on December 14.

	Source: News Reports
 2014-12-11 12:53:35 PM



				India, Russia to outline joint vision statement				

	India and Russia would seek to outline a joint vision of their ties and also ink major agreements in the field of energy, defence and trade as Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Russian President Vladimir Putin hold talks under the 15th Annual India-Russia Summit in New Delhi on Thursday. Putin, who arrived on Wednesday night on a 24-hour visit, was welcomed by Modi via Twitter, saying he looks forward to a "productive visit that will take India-Russia ties to newer heights". Modi tweeted his welcome in Russian and then in English. He wrote on his official Twitter handle that he is "delighted" to welcome Putin to India.

	Source: IANS
 2014-12-11 12:37:40 PM



				Uproar continues in Lok Sabha over Agra 'conversions'				

	Uproar continued in the Lok Sabha on Thursday with almost all opposition parties demanding the suspension of the question hour and a discussion on the Agra "conversions". As soon as the house met for the day, members of the Congress, Trinamool Congress, Rashtriya Janata Dal (RJD) and CPI-M trooped near the speaker's podium, and also raised slogans like "Modi sarkaar hosh mein aao" (Wake up, Modi government) and "Hindu-Muslim bhai-bhai". Congress leader Mallikarjun Kharge asked Speaker Sumitra Mahajan to allow a discussion on the issue. "You have full powers to suspend the question hour. The government has already agreed to a discussion, kindly allow us," he said. Samajwadi Party leader Mulayam Singh Yadav said that the matter should be taken "seriously". "Otherwise, there might be riots," he said.

	Source: IANS
 2014-12-11 12:34:10 PM



				Few can match president's political experience: Modi				

	Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday wished President Pranab Mukherjee on his birthday and said "few people can match his political experience and stature". "Warmest birthday greetings to our dear Rashtrapati ji, Pranab Mukherjee. May he remain in the best of health and lead a long life," Modi said. "It takes just one interaction with Pranab da to marvel at his intellect, sharp mind, deep knowledge and insight on a wide range of issues," he said. The prime minister said: "Pranab da has given his life to India. Few people can match his political experience and stature. We are honoured to have a president like him." Mukherjee was born in Mirati in Birbhum district of West Bengal Dec 11, 1935.

	Source: IANS
 2014-12-11 10:04:57 AM



				Putin arrives in India, Modi looks to productive visit				

	Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Wednesday night welcomed Russian President Vladimir Putin on his arrival in India, saying he looks forward to a “productive visit that will take India-Russia ties to newer heights”. As Putin arrived on a 24-hour visit for the annual bilateral summit, Modi tweeted his welcome in Russian and then in English. He wrote on his official twitter handle that he is “delighted” to welcome Putin to India. Modi said “the bond between the people of Russia & India is very strong. Our nations have stood by each other through thick and thin”. “Times have changed, our friendship has not. Now, we want to take this relation to the next level & this visit is a step in that direction,” he tweeted. The two sides are set to ink a new vision document taking forward ties to the next level and also ink several major agreements, in the field of civil nuclear energy, defence and trade.

	Source: IANS
 2014-12-11 09:59:42 AM



				Akhilesh asks Irani to set up NAAC regional office in UP				

	Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav on Wednesday requested union Human Resource Development Minister Smriti Irani to set up a regional office of the National Assessment and Accreditation Council (NAAC) in the state without delay so that educational institutes can be evaluated and their quality standards improved. In the letter to Irani, the chief minister has pointed out that evaluation of educational institutions in the state was tardy as the NAAC headquarters was in Bengaluru. Due to this, it was not possible to ensure the adherence to the national level standards set up by the NAAC by the state's educational institutes, which were coming up in a big way given the quick progress and expansion in higher education, he said.

	Source: IANS
 2014-12-11 09:56:43 AM



				PM congratulates blind World cup winning team				

	Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Wednesday congratulated India's blind cricket World cup winning team, telling the players that they had inspired many disabled people. Meeting the team members here, Modi told the players that they had not only brought laurels to India, but had also inspired many disabled people through their feats. The team won the 4th ODI World Cup, 2014 for the blind, hosted by South Africa a few days back. The prime minister was presented a special cricket ball which is used for blind cricket. He asked the players to sign on the ball, adding that he would present this ball to a museum in a cricket club.

	Source: IANS
 2014-12-11 09:53:52 AM



				Cabinet nod to five additional solicitors general for HCs				

	The unioncCabinet chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Wednesday gave its approval for creation of five posts of additional solicitors general, one each for the High Courts of Punjab and Haryana, Patna, Jharkhand, Karnataka and Gujarat. According to an official release, the decision will strengthen the litigation machinery to represent the central government as a whole and specifically in these courts. "This will also help in conduct of litigation on behalf of Union of India efficiently and effectively," it said. "The creation of these posts will also facilitate transaction of business in accordance with procedures and enable assigning of functions to legally trained persons. It will result in greater accountability of government departments to curb frivolous litigation and lessen the burden of government cases in these Courts," the release added.

	Source: IANS
 2014-12-11 09:49:39 AM



				Cabinet approves transfer of land for metro rail projects				

	The union cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Wednesday gave its approval for transfer of land for the implementation of metro rail projects. An official release said that the proposal is to restrict ministries, departments and public sector undertakings of the central government from asking for land in exchange for land required for the implementation of metro rail projects. "The concerned ministry/department/PSU would be compensated in monetary terms for the transferred land based on the rates as per prevailing guideline values. Once a metro rail project has been approved by the cabinet, all ministries/ departments would give operating rights on the relevant land sought by the metro rail company immediately," the release said.

	Source: IANS
 2014-12-11 09:45:41 AM



				Cabinet clears amendments to Lokpal Act				

	The union cabinet on Wednesday gave its approval for amending the Lokpal and Lokayuktas Act, 2013 to provide for inclusion of leader of largest opposition party in Lok Sabha in the selection panel in case there was no recognised leader of opposition in the house. The cabinet, chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, also approved amendments to Delhi Special Police Establishment Act, 1946 for providing qualifications for appointment of director of prosecution in the Central Bureau of Investigation and for his functional independence. The cabinet also gave its approval for introducing a bill in parliament for amending the Lokpal Act. An official release said the proposed amendments will address some crucial deficiencies noticed in both the Acts.

	Source: IANS
 2014-12-11 09:41:18 AM



News Capsules



2015-02-25
HC notice to Nadda on plea seeking probe into AIIMS graftCivic bodies polls underway in PunjabPunjab Civic Bodies Elections - scenario at 12:30 PMKejriwal joins Hazare, says won't allow forcible takeover of land Madhya Pradesh exam scam: FIR against governor, 100 others Photos show Rahul Gandhi in UttarakhandNo need to vaccinate people against swine flu: Nadda No shortage of swine flu medicine: Health ministerConvert Jinnah House into Maulana Azad memorial: CongressSAD workers try to capture polling booth in ChandigarhPunjab Civic Bodies Polling Stats at 4 PMBanerjee calls for withdrawal of 'draconian' land ordinance 

2015-02-24
Bahrain foreign minister meets ModiPunjab civic polls tomorrow, government declares holidayBJP sets up eight-member panel to talk to farmersBJP to launch agitation in Uttar PradeshJ&K government to be sworn in on 1 MarchAchuthanandan's absence from crucial party meet comes under fireWon't allow forcible takeover of land in Delhi: KejriwalDelhi assembly sees clapping, sloganeering on first dayRuckus in Rajya Sabha over land ordinanceDifferent languages spice up Delhi assembly oath-takingEnvironment ministry to facilitate development: JavadekarWill offer Leader of Opposition post to BJP: Delhi speaker 

2015-02-23
Don't compare your children with others, Modi advises parentsModi lauds girls for doing well in exams despite helping at homeGovernment reinvigorated relations with neighbours: PresidentWas ordinary student, had bad hand-writing: ModiBJP government not helping to overcome UP power crisis: SPMiffed Achuthanandan not to attend CPI-M meetIndian freed by Taliban after 8 months, PM 'delighted' Kejriwal may meet HazareLand Act has been refined: PresidentTake back ordinance on land acquisition: Anna to ModiGovernment's tenet is development of all: MukherjeeBahrain minister in India, holds talks with Sushma 

2015-02-22
Congress accusses Akalis of threating in FaridkotCongress wants deployment of central forces in the ongoing Punjab municipal electionsFour candidates already elected unopposedCounting of Votes for Punjab Municipal and Civic Bodies Elections on ThursdayPunjab civic body polls today 
























Election Commission

Andhra Pradesh EC
Odisha EC
Sikkim EC
Maharastra EC
Haryana EC
Delhi Election Commission



Political Parties

Indian National Congress
Bahujan Samaj Party
Communist Party of India
Communist Party of India (M)
Nationalist Congress Party
Bharatiya Janata Party



Political Leaders

Narendra Modi
Arvind Kejriwal
Manmohan Singh
Sonia Gandhi
Rahul Gandhi
Pranab Mukherjee



Chief Electoral Officer

Andhra Pradesh CEO
Odisha CEO
Sikkim CEO
Maharastra CEO
Haryana CEO
Delhi CEO



General Elections

Andhra Pradesh 
Odisha
Sikkim
Maharastra
Haryana 
Arunachal Pradesh



Previous Results

2009
2004
1999
1998
1996
1992



Government of India

Ministers of India
Chief Ministers of India
Governors in India
President of India
Vice President of India
MP's of India







Compare Infobase Limited (ISO 9001:2000 Certified Company)Copyright elections.in All right reservedfeedback@elections.in

About UsDisclaimerPrivacy PolicySitemapContact Us











 



