Carl Simmons - Independent 
Carl Simmons - Independent

































































Carl Simmons - Independent



Denton South Independent.


Blog updated regularly!


























































































Saturday, 14 February 2015








A FAILING OF THE CRIMINAL JUSTICE SYSTEM!







A FAILING OF THE CRIMINAL JUSTICE SYSTEM!

I was shocked and disgusted to have read about Eddie Piwko who - as reported in the Tameside Advertiser on Thursday 5th February 2015 - had prowled internet chat rooms and spent months grooming girls as young as 14 years of age.

In August 2013, he was arrested by the Police and on Tuesday 3rd February 2015 wassentenced at Manchester Crown Court and jailed for two years after admitting four charges of attempting to arrange an act which would involve the commission of a child sex offence.
In the intervening 18 month period, Eddie Piwko lived on Moorfield Avenue, Denton. He - along with other people - helped me during my 2014 Local Election Campaign. At the time he was trusted by myself as a friend and was in close contact with my wife and our two year old daughter.
It is horrible to think that this man - his actions unknown to myself, family and friends - was allowed by the Criminal Justice System to continue interacting within our community from August 2013. Why did it take 18 months from the time of his arrest to his sentencing? I am angered by this, especially since the Police had the evidence of his behaviour.
I do believe in "innocent until proven guilty". However, in celebrity child abuse cases - Fred Talbot, Stuart Hall etc - the public are informed of any charges made. So why should those who are charged of similar crimes be allowed to just slip back anonymously amongst an uninformed and unsuspecting local community?
Carl SimmonsDenton South Independent


Saturday 14th February 2015



































Posted by



Carl Simmons - Independent




at

14.2.15



No comments:
    









Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest



















Saturday, 17 January 2015







THE CALL FOR A STALYBRIDGE TOWN COUNCIL - SHOULD DENTON HAVE A TOWN COUNCIL TOO?










https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HStJv7PCswM#t=5279








I attended the launch of Stalybridge Together on Tuesday night. The above recording is lengthy, but it is certainly very informative for anyone who seeks major changes in Local Government. Stalybridge Together is leading the way by calling for Stalybridge to have its own Town Council. Perhaps the time has come for the people of Denton - and those in other areas of Tameside - to call for the creation of their own Town Councils?


What can a Town Council do?



A local council may take on powers from the list below, in agreement with local authority. The Stalybridge 



Council would seek to make things in the town better for the individual members of the community and the businesses. Below are some suggestions how we would undertake this project;







Provision of more Allotments and Sustainable Living Areas to grow vegetables and fruit for the families, for provision (perhaps through Foodbank) to those in need and for local people to pick from the trees in the sustainable areas.







To provide and maintain a focal building for storage of historical artefacts relating to the town and its history.







Provision of local conference and function rooms suitable for multiple uses and at a cost affordable to local residents.







Provision of a local centre for the Arts and performing arts, and sponsoring of a local amateur dramatic and operatic society.







Financial assistance for more active policing in the area to cut down crime. Improvement of town cleanliness and eradication of flytipping and graffiti by provision of sufficient staff and Community Support Activities to reawaken a sense of civic pride and duty of care for our town. 







Organisation of roadways and road systems to provide an effective thoroughfare system throughout the town to ensure an adequate and safe balance between pedestrians & vehicles and to provide suitably timed and priced parking.







Appropriate procurement and allocation of property to enhance the town’s prospects and accessibility as well as providing affordable units for start-up shops to begin trading in a thriving town. 







Provide public service buildings and ensure that publicly accessible open spaces are maintained and provide a holistic experience for the whole family and are utilised to their full ability without compromising their utility and beauty.







Arrangement and provision of Community Action events designed to enhance the local community and to provide a helping hand where needed to areas within the town which require improvement.





Copied and published with the kind permission of Stalybridge Together.


Carl Simmons
Denton South Independent

Saturday 17th January 2015





Posted by



Carl Simmons - Independent




at

17.1.15



2 comments:
    









Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest













Saturday, 10 January 2015








SAVE MONEY BY HAVING ONE ELECTION FOR ALL LOCAL COUNCILLORS AT THE SAME TIME!









Just as important as the lack of democracy and accountability - there is also the financial burden of holding three separate yearly elections for only one third of the councillors at any one time, especially during these times of massive cuts to public services.


On Thursday 7th May 2015 there will be two elections held across the country - providing our local councillors with the usual opportunities of diverting public discontent away from the closures of libraries, children's centres and other facilities across the borough by focusing attention instead upon the General Election.



It is MPs who have the high profile and who are well known to the public. It is the national issues that dominate the reports of the media. 



However, most of our politicians are councillors and it is these local politicians who take many of the decisions that affect our community.



Yet many councillors remain in the background, avoiding public scrutiny and accountability, saying very little - only briefly seeking the public's attention when it is their year to stand for re-election - and relying upon their party label and the party organisation to return them to power!



As most of our politicians are councillors - and as only one third of them are ever up for election at the any time - it is very difficult for voters to hold these "elected representatives" to account for their actions during their time in office.

Also, since all elected councillors serve a four-year term of office, surely it would make financial sense to elect them all at the same time - in one election held separately from any other?


I wrote to Tameside Council on 15 January 2014 asking them to provide - under the Freedom of Information Act - information regarding the cost of a local election?



The reply - given weeks later and as reported on this blog on 20th March 2014 - was that Tameside Council did not hold this information and that, under election law, the conduct of local elections is the responsibility of the Returning Officer who is not subject to the Freedom of Information Act 2000 and therefore under no obligation to provide the information I requested.



Undeterred, on 15th July 2014, I wrote the following letter to Stephen Pleasant, the Tameside Chief Executive and Returning Officer:

Dear Mr Pleasant,

In respect of your role as Returning Officer for Tameside, I am
writing to ask if you would please be kind enough to provide me with
information regarding the total cost of holding the 2014 Local
Government Elections throughout the nineteen wards of the borough.

Specifically, I should like to know how much it cost:

(1) To print all the notices of the poll and enough ballot papers
for every voter on the electoral register?
(2) To send out the postal vote to those who have applied for it
and the polling cards to every home in the borough?
(3)The cost of manning the polling stations across the borough for
the whole of polling day and the agents employed at the Count?
(4) The cost of policing and security at the count i.e identification badges for
staff and all attending?

I would be extremely grateful for any information regarding the above!

Many thanks,

Carl Simmons



Needless to say, I am still awaiting a response from Mr Pleasant! 





Carl Simmons

Denton South Independent

Saturday, 10th January 2015




Posted by



Carl Simmons - Independent




at

10.1.15



1 comment:
    









Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest













Saturday, 3 January 2015








Is it now time to end the Special Responsibility Allowances for Tameside councillors?








Please click on the link below and you will be able to see all 57 Tameside Councillors’ Allowances for 2012-2013.









http://tamesidecouncillorsallowances.blogspot.co.uk/





You can also see the number of years that each councillor has been in office up to the year 2012-13 - the Councillors' Allowances for 2013-14 should be released in the next couple of months. Since last May the number of couples on Tameside Council has also increased, with a second member of the Travis family having been elected in Mossley Ward!



Perhaps of major concern should be the number of Special Responsibility Allowances claimed by councillors. Members of the Council Executive receive £20,099.00. 



To start with, each councillor receives a Basic Allowance of £11,640.00 and surely this is enough for what is essentially, a part time job? We are, after all, living in a time of austerity in which the council needs to make savings!

Yet, if holding public office in Tameside is such a "great honour" - as claimed by many of our councillors - then why should many of them be paid additionally for it too? Why should a "Deputy Leader" get £23,495.00? Why should a "Deputy Mayor" be given £3,840.00 and why should a "Deputy Chair" of a District Assembly receive £3,194.00? All paid in addition to their Basic Allowance of £11,640.00!

It is surely mind-boggling to think that a councillor holding the post of "Chair" of a District Assembly should receive £9,581.00, for chairing four meetings a year which are usually attended by only a handful of people? As each meeting usually lasts only just over one hour, this means the Chair of a District Assembly is on £2,395.00 an hour!

And why, when the District Assembly is a public meeting, should the Chair have to be a councillor and not a member of the public?





As stated previously on this blog, having two members of the same household on the council can generate thousands of £'s in Allowances; so perhaps it's not really surprising that many of them wouldn't want to set any limit on the number of terms that any councillor can serve in office!



Surely, it is only right that each and every councillor should receive just the Basic Allowance? When put under analysis, one can see that almost all these Special Responsibility Allowances are actually unnecessary and a financial burden on the public purse!



If the Labour Party in Tameside wants to pay its Council Leader £36,036.00 a year, then perhaps such money should come from party - not public - funds - and this should also be the case for any other party too!





Carl Simmons

Denton South Independent



Saturday, 3rd January 2015 











Posted by



Carl Simmons - Independent




at

3.1.15



1 comment:
    









Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest













Sunday, 30 November 2014








Big Conversation on the future of Local Welfare Provision in Tameside! 

















Please see below the link to the page on the Big Conversation for the consultation with the public on the future of Local Welfare Provision in Tameside (TSIL).   Please feel free to circulate to as many people as possible.

http://www.tameside.gov.uk/tbc/TamesideSupportForIndependentLiving

The closing date for this consultation is 19 December 2014.


Carl Simmons
Denton South Independent
Sunday 30th November 2014




Posted by



Carl Simmons - Independent




at

30.11.14



No comments:
    









Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest













Sunday, 28 September 2014








A FORGOTTEN OPPORTUNITY TO END THE BETRAYAL OF TAMESIDE VOTERS!







Dorothy Cartwright left the Tories for Labour in December 2010, whilst Colin White left Labour for the Conservatives in September 2013 - neither Councillor sought re-election from the voters!








Whatever one may think about the recent decisions by Conservative MP's Douglas Carswell and Mark Reckless to defect to UKIP, the fact that both have immediately announced their resignation and intention to seek re-election by the voters is - in itself - worthy of the highest praise. This is especially so when compared to the attitude of the former South Yorkshire Police commissioner Shaun Wright, who decided - in the wake of the recent Rotherham child-abuse scandal - to quit the Labour Party but to hang on to his job and who, in the end, had to be forced out of office.




This all reminds me of Tory Councillor Dorothy Cartwright joining Labour in December 2010 without any regard for the people of Dukinfield/Stalybridge who had elected her as a Conservative. I also remember how, this time last year, Audenshaw Councillor Colin White decided to join the Tories - totally ignoring the fact that the voters had elected him as their Labour representative. Neither of these two individuals resigned and sought re-election. 



Amongst the many letters of condemnation published in the local newspapers at the time of Colin White's defection, I do recall the Deputy Leader of Tameside Council - and others from Labour - saying how there should be a rule to compel councillors to seek re-election if they change party during their term of office - which was surprising considering how Dorothy Cartwright's betrayal of the voters during her elected period of office was - and continues to be - rewarded by her selection as a local Labour candidate. 




One year later, and after all the publicity given to our elected representatives at the time, the howls of outrage has now passed and the prospect of making an important change to the way our elected representatives can behave has once more been forgotten. It would seem that none of our "job for life" councillors in their safe seats, or the "cosy family cliques" that dominate decision-making in local government are inclined to bring in such a rule?



I should like to ask the Deputy Leader a question: What is the point of Labour having such a massive majority on Tameside Council - 52 Labour councillors against only 5 Conservative - if they are not prepared to use that majority to make even the most basic adjustments to improve representation and accountability in Tameside?







Carl Simmons

Denton South Independent

Sunday 28th September 2014




Posted by



Carl Simmons - Independent




at

28.9.14



No comments:
    









Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest













Thursday, 18 September 2014








Please Donate






Would you like to donate towards the campaign of Carl Simmons - Independent? 
There is NO FUND for Independent candidates standing for election - this can be disadvantage for an independent when compared to the wealthy, big spending political parties.


The important difference between candidates of all the political parties from an Independent candidate is that party candidates have their election campaign funded by their own respective political party, whilst an Independent candidate must spend their own money. Some people believe that the money spent on campaign material is reimbursed, this is not the case.




Any money donated will go a long way to both promoting and achieving my aim of reforming our local council. Money raised would be used towards the costs of printing and publishing of campaign materials. Any donation - small or large - would be of enormous help and very much appreciated. Thank you!


Donate £1.00 Only












Donate £5.00 Only








Donate Any Amount













Posted by



Carl Simmons - Independent




at

18.9.14



1 comment:
    









Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest
















Older Posts

Home




Subscribe to:
Posts (Atom)










SHOULD DENTON HAVE ITS OWN TOWN COUNCIL?













Please Donate

Would you like to donate towards the campaign of Carl Simmons - Independent? All money raised will be used towards costs of printing and publishing of campaign material. Any donation - small or large - would be very much appreciated. Thank you!

















Archive of past letters




Archive of past letters
February 2015 (1)
January 2015 (3)
November 2014 (1)
September 2014 (2)
August 2014 (1)
July 2014 (2)
June 2014 (2)
May 2014 (4)
April 2014 (2)
March 2014 (3)
February 2014 (1)
January 2014 (3)
December 2013 (2)
November 2013 (3)
October 2013 (8)














Pages


Home
Results from Tameside Local Elections 2014
1085 PEOPLE IN DENTON SOUTH VOTED CARL SIMMONS IND...
Please Donate
DENTON SOUTH - WHERE WE LIVE SURVEY 2014
Tameside Labour Council - get your priorities right!
A Modern Tale
Denton South Local Election Results 2011-2012
Yet more Labour hypocrisy over Council Tax!
Tameside Councillors’ Allowances 2012-13
Councillor's Allowances
Keiran Quinn and our lack of real Democracy
Payroll funding and councillor's limitless terms in office
Elect all Councillors at the same time!
Councillors should focus on the local issues!
Party Conference time again!
"The Weeds in the Garden" - the need to cut back the power of the political parties
"Treason never prospers" - or why, once elected, a politician shouldn't change parties?
The real "wasted" vote and the choice facing voters
Petition: One election for all local councillors
Concierge Service = Increased Rents!


























38 Degrees Petition

https://you.38degrees.org.uk/petitions/one-election-for-all-local-councillors?source=facebook-share-button&time=1384131840











About Me





Carl Simmons - Independent


Denton, Greater Manchester, United Kingdom
I am neither mainstream or extreme in my politics. I want a complete reform of Local Government and Local Council Elections: (1) All councillors to face re-election at the same time, every time (not the current system of 1/3 of the councillors per year). People should be able to change the political party in power in just one election - that it should take any more elections to do so is undemocratic. (2) Limit terms of office for councillors to stop individuals treating the position as a job for life. (3) 1 councillor per electoral area so that individual councillor's are held responsible to voters for their own actions. (4) Stop councillors having their partners or other family members elected to the council - because representation should come from as wide a number of people as possible. (5) Councillors, once elected by the people for any political party, should not be allowed to change party during their term of office without a by-election in the area they were elected to represent. (6) A Fund created so that people who are unemployed or on a low income and not in any political party can stand for office effectively.

View my complete profile











Follow by Email






























Other sites of interest


38 Degrees
Better Homes, Better Gardens
CVAT (Community & Volunteer Action Tameside
Curmudgeon
Independent Network
Irwell Valley Housing Association
New Charter Housing
Tameside Advertiser
Tameside Citizen
Tameside Metropolitan Borough Council
Tameside Radio
Tameside Reporter
TaxPayers' Alliance
What Do They Know












Political Parties


Labour
Liberal Democrats
Conservative
UKIP
Green Party
















Loading...




























































Carl Simmons - Copyright. Travel template. Template images by luoman. Powered by Blogger.



































