Trafford Green Party's General Election deposits,  a Community project  from Manchester, Greater Manchester Crowdfunding on Crowdfunder.co.uk 
Trafford Green Party's General Election deposits,  a Community project  from Manchester, Greater Manchester Crowdfunding on Crowdfunder.co.uk























<
>













search












Sign-up Login
Add your project
Find a project
About
Guides
Champions
Campaigns

















 Add your project
 Find a project




About
Champions
Guides
Campaigns






                  Not a Crowdfunder yet? Sign up 
                  or   Login


















supported by: 

              This project is part of:
Green Party
See all projects >










Trafford Green Party's General Election deposits

A              Politics project                Manchester, Greater Manchester               by
              geraldine.coggins










Project home


Updates 7

Comments  5

Backers


Message project








< Back to project













02/Feb/2015

Rewards and follow our candidates
Everyone who pledge £55 or over should have recieved their Green Party T-shirt by now. Please let me know if yours hasn't arrived on geraldine.coggins@trafford.greenparty.org.uk. 
Also we've now updated our website to thank our major donors.  Thanks very much to all of you. 
We will post updates on here from time to time but for more up-to-date info follow our candidates on facebook and Twitter:
Geraldine Coggins (PPC for Stretford and Urmston) and @CogginsGeraldin on Twitter.
Jessica Mayo (PPC for Wythenshawe and Sale East) and @Greens_JessMayo
Nick Robertson-Brown (PPC for Altrincham and Sale West)
 



No comments added yet











28/Dec/2014

And the winner is ...
Congratulations to mary-starfall who has won our draw. Your underwater print will be on it's way to you asap. 



No comments added yet











28/Dec/2014

A very big thank you!
Well, we made it to £1580 in the end, covering all our deposits. Thanks very much to all who donated and supported us in other ways. We are delighted to see such support for Green ideas in Trafford and have a very busy few months ahead of us. We would love it if some of you could get more involved in the branch so do join our facebook group https://www.facebook.com/groups/traffordgreens/ keep up-to-date with our website here http://trafford.greenparty.org.uk and if you haven't already, don't forget to join the Green Party here https://my.greenparty.org.uk/civicrm/membership/joining
 



No comments added yet











01/Dec/2014

We've passed £1500! Now we have 8 days to work on funding campaign materials.
Well we didn't expect to be doing another update so soon! We are delighted to have passed £1500. We can now fund our deposits and everyone in Trafford will have a Green Party candidate on their ballot paper in May 2015! 
But we're not finished yet! We need to get our message out. With our talented web / video and PR team, we will be making good use of both social media and traditional media. But we will still need some leaflets and other campaign materials to get our message out. 2015 will be a busy year for Trafford Green Party with both local and General elections so please keep sharing and donating so that we can get our message out. 
And here's a new video for you all. Our Stretford and Urmston candidate discussing five-party-politics.




No comments added yet











30/Nov/2014

Just £100 to go! Will you be the donor who takes us to our stretch-target?
Hello again.
Many thanks again to all who have donated so far. We have made it to £1400! Only another £100 to take us to our stretch-target of £1500! £1500 will allow everyone in Trafford to vote Green in the 2015 General Election. We have never been able to offer this to our supporters before but thanks to the amazing response we have had, we will certainly be able to cover all the deposits. Our very talented video and webteam have uploaded some more footage of our candidates too. Here is Altrincham and Sale West candidate Nick Robertson-Brown discussing the marine environmnet, small buisnesses and more. 




No comments added yet











Older posts







REPORT THIS PROJECT


Send message









        Successfully overfunded on Dec 9, 2014      



£1,580          
RAISED OF £750 TARGET



From 46 Backers


In 28 Days






This project will only be funded if at least £750 is pledged by 9th December 2014.









Project by
geraldine.coggins            >


Twitter: @traffordgreens
Facebook: groups/traffordgreens/



Project updates (7) >

Project comments  (5) >

Backers >






 SHARE


 TWEET


 EMAIL






PLEDGE £1               OR MORE                   3                backers so far
Green Supporter: Receive our appreciation.



PLEDGE £10               OR MORE                   17                backers so far
Green Buddy: Receive a big thank you on the Trafford Green Party website.



PLEDGE £20               OR MORE                   18                backers so far
Green Champion: (i) A big thank you on the Green Champions section of the Trafford Green Party website and (ii) entry into a draw for a limited edition underwater wildlife print by award-winning photographer and Altrincham and Sale West candidate Nick Robertson-Brown.

                Estimated delivery: January 2014              



PLEDGE £55               OR MORE                   9                backers so far
Green Hero: (i) A big thank you on the Green Heroes section of the Trafford Green Party website and (ii) entry into a draw for a limited edition underwater wildlife print by award-winning photographer and Altrincham and Sale West candidate Nick Robertson-Brown and (iii) a unisex Green Party T-shirt.

                Estimated delivery: January 2014              





Owner







 geraldine.coggins      
         UK
 Send message
        


Twitter: @traffordgreens
Facebook: groups/traffordgreens/





















Categories
Community 
Business 
Environment 
Arts 
Politics 
Publishing 
Music 
Film and Theatre 
Food and Drink 
Sports 
Schools 


Hints and tips
How crowdfunding works
Creating a project
Supporting a project
Guidelines
Our fees


About us
Crowdfunder API - Beta 
About 
Guides 
Blog 
Contact 
Jobs
Partners







 
 
 
 




                Payments provided by:
              










 Guides
Contact
Tool Kit
Campaigns
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
© Crowdfunder.co.uk 2015

Crowdfunder.co.uk is owned by KEO PF.it Limited. Its company number is 07831511. KEO PF.it Limited is registered as a company in England and Wales.





 
 
 
 



Proudly working with:




































Back to Top









