TwitLonger — When you talk too much for Twitter 
TwitLonger — When you talk too much for Twitter








Toggle navigation





TwitLonger



Ad-free
Account
 Write a Post
Write a Post















Q&A: 114th Congress ·
                @IamTheWindowMan


 14th Feb 2014 from TwitLonger 






Tweet














Voter Games
Writers Guild Reg. #1633238 
The  Electorates Candidate      

Who wants to be the “Network” to sponsor the people’s choice for a Presidential or Congressional Candidate?

What if… a game show environment was created where Applicants with the hope, knowledge and wanting, could become a (“Network”) Presidential Candidate? One would apply online to be one of three potential candidates  from each state - interviewed and selected by a Judge, to compete and win the Vote of the “American People”…(viewers of the show) , where Joe the Plumber or Samantha Smart (average laypersons) could be recognized and supported to become a presidential candidate… Possibly 46th President of the United States? 

Think about it…. The American People would no-longer be forced to choose from the candidates whose resources bought and controlled the media. 
This “Network” could make this winning candidate (Joe the plumber or Samantha Smart)  a house hold name…years before the election.

Imagine… an (Ed-TV) interactive reality show that informs the “average” American about the political and the inner workings of their government. 
A show that teaches the “average” American, who interactively participates to win prizes while assisting the “Network’s” Candidate to create “The  People’s Campaign,” an organization and campaign platform “ALL  Americans” will support, fund and endorse.

A show…where Americans can reclaim their government  by choosing a “Candidate” That will change history… making election day – Independence Day!

The Stuff:


Voter Games
Writers Guild Reg. #1633238 

The  Electorates Candidate  

The Applicant: 

The Applicant must meet the requirements to be president. Applicant is tested online based on their knowledge and understanding of government. 

Note: The objective is to educate. 

We will use the resources and civic questions taken from U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Service website- in general, “an Applicant must demonstrate an understanding of the English language, including an ability to read, write, and speak words in ordinary usage. An applicant must also demonstrate a knowledge and understanding of the fundamentals of the history and principles and form of government of the United States (civics).”

The Applicant can retest as many times as they like, until the registration time expires or the program allows his/her package to move forward.(Once qualified, and have passed the online exam; The system will activate or allow the “submit button” to process their package along with a photo and State ID. We should reward anyone that takes the time and submits a package: A sponsor’s gift certificate.) 

Applicant Selection:

The Applications are separated, to allow each State, three (3) Applicants. (Drawn by a lottery.) The 150 Applicants chosen, are contacted and flown to the… (studio?) to appear before the Judges for elimination.

JUDGES:
TWO (2) Professors of Government study. 
THREE (3) Campaign managers- An Independent, A Democrat and one Republican. 
Also, Celebrity judges can be used just as long as an odd number of judges are present (Colbert, Stewart, etc.) The Show needs judges that will have fun and argue.

Judges- Interview and Elimination process:

Interview:            
The interview process begins with all 50 states represented by their 3 Applicants– each State Applicant is given 10 random questions (computer generated) with an answer sheet that will be completed prior their interview.

Elimination: 
The Judges must keep one  applicant  from every state. (They can/may elect to keep all three.) The American people will decide their fate. 
The 3 State Applicants are instructed to wait in the green room until they are told to go on stage; One at a time- they are to walk on stage towards the ballot box, (AKA Computer) where they were instructed to insert their answer sheet in the appropriate slot. Once their task is complete; they will to walk to the spot marked for them to stand facing the judges. (The applicants answer sheet is scanned with the answers hidden until all three have completed their task.) 

Standing in front of the judges:
The Applicant’s scores are revealed to the audience. The Applicants remain unaware of their score until they are told or asked to leave immediately due to failing the 10 question test. Those who remain become contestants. (Possible debate between lowest scoring candidates for redemption?)

The Fund Raising Tournament:
The 50 (+) State Applicants selected, will be introduced as the Contestants for the 2016 network election campaign. Each will be added to the network’s election campaign Web Site, Face Book and Twitter accounts. Each will receive a Text ID# (or a “way” the audience can poll or vote for their candidate)

The show will consist of “Fundraising Tournaments” styled similar to Jeopardy’s final question but whimsical and fun. A candidate will start with $10,000.00(?) to wager on questions, or interactive scenarios (similar to the Apprentice or “Survivor Like”) for additional funds (some of the questions or scenarios will require the audience to determine who has won or if a task has been completed correctly, some questions will be dead giveaways…e.g. what song is this: America the Beautiful). This is game show environment where the host from time to time will be replaced by various historical characters (actual or celebrity impersonators…Steven Colbert, John Stewart, someone funny), who will recite, lecture or role play with the contestants and audience. These Characters will be used throughout the 2016 network election campaign.

There will be 5 – (30) thirty minute rounds of 10(+) Constants; The (5) Contestant who has the highest campaign fund at the end of each round, automatically claims a spot in the debates and the tournament championship round to play and win additional funds for their Campaign. The Winner of the championship round, receives an additional $10.000.00(?) bonus  that is added to his/her previous winnings. 
Note: The losing contestants of each round will face the Judges to explain their performance. The American people will be allowed to save one contestant from each round. (A total of 5 contestants will get a second chance, to debate and compete.) 

Finals, Off Camera:
The 10 Finalist will fill out all the necessary documents needed to enter the 2016 Congressional or Presidential Race. The American people will be asked to sign their required petitions and answer the given poll questions via text or on the web site. These poll answers are given to the Judges and Contestants to create the platform for their 2016 election campaign. A 527 Organization will be established to have the American People donate or pledge their support the 2016 Election Campaign.

Note: A network can sponsor a 527 if it is for educating the public.

Finals, On Camera: Idea?
Abe Lincoln, will the host of opening ceremony to introduce the 10 Finalists and unveil “The Network sponsored  2016 election campaign platform.” Abe introduces the candidates one by one as they walk on stage to stand side by side, in front of their respected seats. Once the introduction is complete, The drums start to role…Abe asks (the audience) everyone to stand as The United States Marine Corp Color Guard, enters with the Flag of our nation, these United States, of America. (The Flag is brought to center stage.)  Abe, asks everyone to recite the pledge of allegiance – Abe retires the colors and moves in front of the group. He requests the Constants remain standing and raise their right hand as he seats the audience. Abe waits for the audience to settle and quiet before he begins -“With your right hand still raised, repeat after me” (The oath to support the Network’s 2016 election platform …and promise to serve the People and defend the Constitution of the United States of America.)

Abe turns to the audience and declares: “These 10 Finalist are able Candidates to hold any seat in congress and office of President and of these Untied States.” He bows and leaves.  

The host returns to discuss the rules for the debates. 

The Debates:
There will  be 3 debates: Using the American people’s poll answers, the Judges create and structure the questions to address the current issues/topics that are ranked most important.

The first 2  debates; The American People will be eliminating 6 of the 10 contestants. The four remaining winners will debate and give a presidential campaign speech asking the American People to vote for them. The audience will choose a winner and the judges will critique.  

An actual petition will be signed to add the winner to the actual presidential ballot?

The Campaign begins…(ED TV?) 

Interested? 
Please contact,
Tom Rowe 
757-273-9251 or email: trowe@iamwindowman.com      


 Reply ·
         Report Post







>
  


×
Report Content


If you believe this post is inappropriate, please report it. Inappropriate content includes:

Crude or indecent language, including adult stories or "imagines"
Sexual tips or advice
Sexual fetish content (e.g. foot fetish content)
Information on adult toys or products
Links to external sites containing adult content
Content which advocates against an individual, group, or organization
Content that may be construed as biased against individuals, groups, or organisations based on criteria such as race, religion, disability, sex, age, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or political affiliation.



Cancel
Report Post










home
about
privacy
api
ad-free


Follow @TwitLonger




            			TwitLonger is developed entirely by Stuart Gibson
                  (@stuartgibson).
                  TwitLonger is in no way associated with Twitter, but they sure do a swell job over there 











