
	Did RAW's Colombo chief play a role in Rajapaksa's poll defeat?
 

	Did RAW's Colombo chief play a role in Rajapaksa's poll defeat?

















 






Co Sponsor





Industry Impact Partner

 



Associate Sponsor

 





























follow us











 home
 india
 world
 cities

delhigurgaonnoidamumbaibhopalchandigarhdehradunindorejaipurkolkatalucknowpatnaranchi


 opinion

HT's viewcommentcolumnsauthors


 sports

cricketfootballtennisother sports


 entertainment

movie reviewsbollywoodhollywoodregional moviesworld cinemaTVmusictabloid


 lifestyle

sex & relationshipshealth and fitnessfashion and trendsart and culturetravelbooksbrunch


 business



 photos

indiaworldsportsentertainmentlifestyletechautos


 videos

indiaworldsportsentertainmentlifestyletechautos


 more...

educationbusinessreal estateautosweatherblogslivemint.comlivehindustan.comshine.comhtcampus.comdesimartini.com






follow us:






epaper






india





Find out where Swine Flu prevention formula 'Oseltamavir' is available near your home


Swine flu claims 51 more lives, death toll at 926; govt says 'don't panic'


President in Mughal Gardens


Power tariff slash will benefit 90% Delhi residents: Manish Sisodia








world





National Geographic's 'Afghan girl' found in Pak with fake ID


Charlie Hebdo returns to newsstands with satire and emotion


Carnival parade in Sao Paulo


Caught on camera: Two fall into a sinkhole in South Korea








cities


delhigurgaonnoidamumbaibhopalchandigarhdehradunindorejaipurkolkatalucknowpatnaranchi





HC seeks Centre's reply on PIL demanding probe into AIIMS graft


BJP-Sena meeting to sort differences yields no result


CM Badal welcomes larger state share in central taxes








opinion


HT's viewcommentcolumnsauthors    





Hindus in US: They have come of age


Centre vs Priya Pillai is like using a sledgehammer to crack a nut


When women thrive, the world thrives








sports


cricketfootballtennisother sports    





World Cup 2015: When things started falling into place for the Indian team


World Cup 2015 fever heats up


Fans ecstatic as India breaks World Cup jinx against South Africa








entertainment


movie reviewsbollywoodhollywoodregional moviesworld cinemaTVmusictabloid





Rakhi Sawant to the rescue: Karan Johar, Ranveer Singh were cheated


When filmmakers get together


Oscars 2015: Neil Patrick Harris takes a dig at Hollywood's 'best and whitest'








lifestyle


sex & relationshipshealth and fitnessfashion and trendsart and culturetravelbooksbrunch 





Katrina Kaif reveals secrets behind her just-woke-up-like-this beauty


Your window to the world


A glimpse of the ' Tattoo Week' in Rio de Janeiro








tech


tech reviewsgadgetsappssocial media    





Secret sedan? WSJ report says Apple working on creating a car


Apple Watch: A closer look at the 3 variants


Here's how Facebook and LinkedIn plan to support women tech majors








photos


indiaworldsportsentertainmentlifestyletechautos 





President in Mughal Gardens


When filmmakers get together


Kingsman to Dum Laga Ke Haisha: Releases this week








videos


indiaworldsportsentertainmentlifestyletechautos 





Power tariff slash will benefit 90% Delhi residents: Manish Sisodia


Oscars 2015: Neil Patrick Harris takes a dig at Hollywood's 'best and whitest'


Oscars 2015: Complete list of winners and their reactions








more...


educationbusinessreal estateautosweatherblogslivemint.comlivehindustan.comshine.comhtcampus.comdesimartini.com





Funding infra: New bonds, tax incentives for old on the cards


Interim Budget 2014


Here's how Facebook and LinkedIn plan to support women tech majors


























cricket world cup 2015
budget 2015
oscars 2015
throwback thursday
board exams 2015
















home ›  world
World











Did RAW's Colombo chief play a role in Rajapaksa's poll defeat?



John Chalmers and Sanjeev Miglani, Reuters, 
            Colombo
            |
            Updated: Jan 18, 2015 11:58 IST


 Sri Lanka's Mahinda Rajapaksa reacts during his final rally for the country's presidential elections. (Reuters Photo)









Sri Lanka expelled the Colombo station chief of India's spy agency in the run-up to this month's presidential election, political and intelligence sources said, accusing him of helping the opposition oust President Mahinda Rajapaksa.
An Indian foreign ministry spokesman denied any expulsion and said that transfers were routine decisions. Rajapaksa, voted out of office in the Jan 8 election, told Reuters he did not know all the facts while the new government in Colombo has said it is aware of the reports but cannot confirm them.
But several sources in both Colombo and New Delhi said India was asked to recall the agent in December for helping gather support for joint opposition candidate Maithripala Sirisena after persuading him to ditch Rajapaksa's cabinet.
A sketchy report in Sri Lanka's Sunday Times newspaper on December 28 said that "links with the common opposition" had cost India's Research and Analysis Wing (RAW) station chief his job in Colombo.
India has often been involved in the internal politics of the small island nation off its southern coast - it sent troops there in 1987 in a botched effort to broker peace between the government and Tamil Tiger rebels.
Rajapaksa's unexpected defeat after two terms in office coincided with growing concern in India that it was losing influence in Sri Lanka because of the former president's tilt toward regional rival China.
The concern turned to alarm late last year when Rajapaksa allowed two Chinese submarines to dock in Sri Lanka without warning New Delhi as he should have under a standing agreement, the sources said.
Sirisena, the new president, has said he will visit New Delhi on his first foreign trip next month and has said India is the "first, main concern" of his foreign policy.
An Indian official said the RAW agent was recalled after complaints that he had worked with Sri Lanka's usually fractious opposition parties to agree on a joint contender for the election. Then, he was accused of facilitating meetings to encourage several lawmakers, among them Sirisena, to defect from Rajapaksa's party, the official said.
The agent was accused of playing a role in convincing the main leader of the opposition and former prime minister Ranil Wickremasinghe not to contest against Rajapaksa in the election and stand aside for someone who could be sure of winning, said the officer and a Sri Lankan lawmaker who also maintains close contacts with India.
The agent was also in touch with former president Chandrika Kumaratunga, who was a key player in convincing Sirisena to stand, said the officer and the lawmaker, who also confirmed that the agent had been asked to leave. "They actively were involved, talking to Ranil, getting those things organised, talking to Chandrika," the lawmaker told Reuters.
"CERTAIN THINGS YOU DON'T TALK ABOUT"
Wickremasinghe, who is now prime minister again in Sirisena's government, met "two or three times" with the man identified as the agent in the months before the vote, as well as with the Indian high commissioner, or ambassador, the prime minister's spokesman said.
"They discussed the current political situation," Wickremasinghe's spokesman said, but he denied that the Indians had advised him. "He does not know if he advised other politicians."
It was not clear if Wickremasinghe was aware at the time that he was meeting with an intelligence official. India's RAW officers are usually given diplomatic posts when assigned to foreign missions.
Former president Kumaratunga did not respond to requests for comment.
Rajapaksa declined to confirm the involvement of India in the campaign against him.
"I don't know, I won't suspect anybody until I get my real facts," he said at his party headquarters.
"There are certain things you don't talk about," a close associate of the Rajapaksa family said, but added that "there were clear signs of a deep campaign by foreign elements."
Sri Lanka's then defence secretary Gotabaya Rajapaksa - a brother of the former president - complained about the agent's activities to Indian National Security Adviser Ajit Doval in November when Doval was visiting the island nation for a defence seminar, the Indian official said.
Another Indian official, who monitors the region for security threats, said New Delhi had been watching Beijing's growing influence and heavy investments in Sri Lanka under Rajapaksa, who visited China seven times since becoming president in 2005. But India was stunned and angry last year when the Chinese submarines docked in Sri Lanka on two separate occasions, a step New Delhi saw as part of Beijing's "string of pearls" strategy to secure a foothold in South Asia and maritime access through the Indian Ocean. "The turning point in the relationship was the submarines.
There was real anger," the Indian security official said. Indian military officials said that New Delhi reminded Sri Lanka it was obliged to inform its neighbours about such port calls under a maritime pact, and Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi raised the issue with Rajapaksa at a meeting in New York.
In a possible sign of shifting allegiances, India's top envoy in Colombo, High Commissioner Y.K. Sinha, presented Sirisena with a large bouquet of flowers just hours after the results were announced on Jan 9. China's ambassador was only able to meet the new president six days later.
 

TagsMahinda Rajapaksa srilanka indian elections colombo elections Maithripala Sirisena





 












also readNational Geographic's 'Afghan girl' found in Pak with fake ID Charlie Hebdo returns to newsstands with satire and emotion  Unidentified drones reappear over Paris at night; probe on  At least 124 people killed in Afghan winter storm 







Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
blog comments powered by Disqus










 
 











top news

Rail budget 2015: Cut in passenger fares unlikely, govt to focus on...Last minute hitch hits PDP-BJP alliance in J-K, Modi-Mufti likely to...AAP gets cracking on poll promises; slashes power tariff, doles out...






most Popular

Stunning latest selfie from Mars shows NASA's Curiosity in all glamourCaribbean calypso: Gayle gets first-ever WC double ton, records brokenRakhi Sawant to the rescue: Karan Johar, Ranveer Singh were cheated


don't miss

Funding infra: New bonds, tax incentives for old on the cardsUS Fed flags rate hike, will India catch the flu?Jan Dhan Yojana likely to boost rural spend in 2015-16Finance panel formula squeezes Centre’s disposable revenuesUnhappy with your appraisal? Speak to your boss


photos

In Japan, robot dogs are for life, and death Designers get their freak on at London Fashion Week with fun... Kingsman to Dum Laga Ke Haisha: Releases this week 


videos

Power tariff slash will benefit 90% Delhi residents: Manish SisodiaCCTV Footage: Watch suspected MNS workers attack Toll Plaza in Navi...Caught on camera: Two fall into a sinkhole in South Korea



































india worldcommentbusinessphotosvideosEducationAutosWeatherepaper
entertainmentmovie reviewsbollywoodhollywoodregional moviesworld cinematvmusictabloid
life styleSex & RelationshipsHealth and FitnessFashion and TrendsArt and CultureTravelBooksBrunch
sportscricketfootballtennisother sports
techReviewsGadgetsAppsSocial Media
citiesDelhiGurgaonNoidaMumbaiBhopalPunjabDehradunIndoreJaipurKolkataLucknowPatnaRanchi




Copyright © 2015 HT Media Limited. ht delhi/ncr subscription | about us | contact us | work with us | privacy policy | disclaimer | print ad rates 


























