Benton Harbor's Pinkney gets 2.5-year minimum for election fraud 
Benton Harbor's Pinkney gets 2.5-year minimum for election fraud

























February 25, 2015




Contact Us
Interactive Radar
Mobile Apps




Search





 



















 


Home 
News  

News

Indiana News
Michigan News
National/World
Health News
Entertainment News
Special Reports


Weather  

Weather

Forecast
Interactive Radar
Weather Alerts
Closings
Skyview 16


Sports  

Sports

ND Football
High School Sports
Spirit Awards


Services  

Services

Video
TV Schedule
Community Events
Gas Prices
Lottery
Stocks
Bon Appetit / Half Off Network
Closed Captioning
Hoosier Lottery


Station  

Station

Contests
Contact Us
About
Employment







 










Benton Harbor's Pinkney gets 2.5-year minimum for election fraud



																						By: NewsCenter 16 Email 

Updated: Mon 6:50 PM, Dec 15, 2014





																												By: NewsCenter 16 Email 









Home
 / Headlines List
 / Article 






















Benton Harbor’s most prominent political activist will spend a minimum of two and a half years behind bars for crimes he insists he did not commit.
“I’ve committed no crime and unfortunately, if I was anybody else, I wouldn’t be here,” said Rev. Edward Pinkney today in court.  “I can’t say if any dates were changed, but unfortunately I’m here.”
The 66 year old Pinkney was sentenced to spend a minimum of 30 months in prison—and a maximum of 120 months on five felony counts related to election forgery.  The convictions stem from a petition drive that sought to force a recall election for mayor.
“So how can you convict a man without evidence?  I ask that question today to Judge Schrock, and Berrien County.  All I know is it was racism: that was the deciding factor of Reverend Pinkney,” said protestor Marcina Cole, who lives in Detroit.
Cole was among some 50 or so protestors who chanted “free Pinkney” in the courthouse parking lot after today’s sentencing.
The Benton Harbor election fraud case was held out as yet another reason for minorities to mistrust the judicial system at a time when confidence already appears low.
“The sentencing, the ruling by the jury reflects that this was a kangaroo court,” said Benton Harbor City Commissioner At-Large, Marcus Muhammad.  “So for Rev. Pinkney to be convicted and sentenced to prison on this day only reflects that the justice system is in shambles.”
In the courtroom, Pinkney was adamant and unbending:  “I've committed no crime and unfortunately if I was anybody else I wouldn't be here.”
As the judge mulled over the possibility of prison time, Pinkney’s attorney, Tat Parish, pleaded for leniency.  “We have to be careful that we don’t give the impression that we’re punishing people excessively because we don’t like them, or because we don’t like their political views or what they’re doing.”In the end, the same judge who oversaw Pinkney’s probation after his previous election fraud conviction in 2007 was in no mood to do it again.
Berrien County Fifth District Judge Sterling Schrock imposed a sentence with a minimum of 30 months in prison, and a maximum of 120 months.  “With the verdict on the five counts of forgery today that gives you 12 felony convictions, nine of which are related to attempts to unlawfully, according to the convictions, to interfere with the election process.  That’s troubling.”
In both cases, Pinkney was convicted of meddling in Benton Harbor recall attempts.  In court today, it was stated that Pinkney does not live within the city limits—but rather in Benton Township.
While the judge received more than 100 letters in support of Pinkney, said only one was from Southwestern Michigan, and that most came from other states.
Pinkney’s attorney pointed out that it’s easy to see why whoever altered dates on the recall petitions--did what they did.  
“Those signatures would have been valid, perfectly valid, if it wouldn’t have been for the unanticipated and unforeseeable event of a snowstorm.  That closed the courthouse and made it impossible to file on Friday when they would have been perfectly valid,” said Tat Parish.
It’s alleged dates were changed on five petition pages to make it appear that the signatures were gathered within the sixty day period required by law.











City By City Report for February 25, 2015 












Comments are posted from viewers like you and do not always reflect the views of this station.



Please enable JavaScript to view the powered by Disqus.
powered by Disqus












Today's Events
Wednesday February 25



Matilda Jane Clothing Online Shopping Event
Announcement: REAL Services - NOMINATIONS KICK OFF WEEK!
JOB FAIR - Travel Management Company
FREE Talk With Your Baby Classes

Click Here to Submit and View Events

































		Most Popular Stories			



New Prairie High School no longer on lockdown
UPDATE: Indiana lawmaker kills Sunday alcohol sales bill
Man killed in South Bend shooting
SWAT responds to situation in Osceola early Wednesday morning
LaPorte dine-and-dash suspect arrested, identifies himself as 'God'
Niles house heavily damaged in fire
Elkhart man accused of molesting 9-year-old girl
Man convicted in deaths of 'American Sniper' author, friend
Officers break silence in South Bend police tapes scandal 
Woman and young child involved in wreck near N. Liberty
GOP-led Senate advances bill protecting religious objections
Republicans push to repeal common construction wage statute
E-cigarette town hall stirs up safety debate in Warsaw
New treatment could help those with cirrhosis
Dozens injured in California commuter train crash





















































WNDU - Channel 16
54516 State Road 933
South Bend, IN 46637
Front Desk: 574-284-3000
Newsroom: 574-284-3016
Email: newscenter16@wndu.com

																				Copyright © 2002-2015 - Designed by Gray Digital Media - Powered by Clickability   285834711 - wndu.com/a?a=285834711 															








Website Policy
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy/YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
EEO Statement
Public Inspection File






×
Online Public Information File


Click Here to access the online Public Inspection File
Viewers with disabilities can get assistance accessing this station's FCC Public Inspection File by contacting the station with the information listed below. Questions or concerns relating to the accessibility of the FCC's online public file system should be directed to the FCC at 888-225-5322, 888-835-5322 (TTY), or fccinfo@fcc.gov.

Public File Liaison:
Janelle Frickejanelle.fricke@wndu.com574-284-3162

Station Contact Info:
WNDU - Channel 1654516 State Road 933South Bend, IN 46637Front Desk: 574-284-3000Newsroom: 574-284-3016Email: newscenter16@wndu.com


Close























