
Rochester by-election: Forget Emily Thornberry, Labour long since betrayed the working class - Comment - Voices - The Independent
 

Rochester by-election: Forget Emily Thornberry, Labour long since betrayed the working class - Comment - Voices - The Independent















































Wednesday 25 February 2015















Apps 




eBooks 




i Jobs 




Dating 




Shop 





































News 



Video 





People 





Voices 



Find by writer 





Yasmin Alibhai-Brown 




Rebecca Armstrong 




Memphis Barker 




Max Benwell 




Chris Blackhurst 




Ian Burrell 




Andrew Buncombe 




Ben Chu 




Patrick Cockburn 






Mary Dejevsky 




Grace Dent 




Robert Fisk 




Andrew Grice 




Stefano Hatfield 




Lucy Hunter Johnston 




Howard Jacobson 




Alice Jones 




Ellen E Jones 






Simon Kelner 




Lisa Markwell 




Michael McCarthy 




Hamish McRae 




Jane Merrick 




James Moore 




Matthew Norman 




Dom Joly 




Amol Rajan 






John Rentoul 




Steve Richards 




Deborah Ross 




Kim Sengupta 




Joan Smith 




Mark Steel 




Janet Street-Porter 




John Walsh 




Andreas Whittam Smith 







Comment 




Editorials 




Letters 




IV Drip 




Campaigns 





Homeless Veterans 




Save the tiger 




Elephant Campaign 




Equal Partners 




Delayed Diagnosis 




We are Malala 




Child Soldiers 




Voices in Danger 




The New Suffragettes 






Rory Peck Awards 




British Citizen Awards 







Archive 




Our Voices 





Rentoul 




The Editors 




The Foreign Desk 




Battle of Ideas 







Commentators 





Yasmin Alibhai-Brown 




Terence Blacker 




Simon Carr 




Rupert Cornwell 




Sloane Crosley 




Mary Dejevsky 




Robert Fisk 




Andrew Grice 




Adrian Hamilton 






Philip Hensher 




Howard Jacobson 




Dominic Lawson 




John Lichfield 




Campaigns 




Hamish McRae 




Matthew Norman 




Christina Patterson 




John Rentoul 






Steve Richards 




Sarah Sands 




Mary Ann Sieghart 




Joan Smith 




Mark Steel 




Campaigns 




Janet Street-Porter 




Andreas Whittam Smith 




Voices 







Columnists 





Dom Joly 




David Lister 




Thomas Sutcliffe 




John Walsh 




Janet Street-Porter 




Chris Bryant 







Democracy 2015 




IV Drip Archive 




Blogs 




Scottish independence 




Save the tiger 




The state of the NHS 








Sport 



Tech 





Life 





Property 





Arts + Ents 





Travel 





Money 





IndyBest 





Student 



Offers 




Hot Topics

Bethnal Green girls
Abortion
The death of sex






















 
Michael Collins





Friday 21 November 2014




Rochester by-election: Forget Emily Thornberry, Labour long since betrayed the working class




The party has simply failed to address concerns among the multitude























 




















Share







What is striking about the Emily Thornberry affair is not that a Labour minister has “shown contempt for the working class”, as has been suggested, but that this should be a surprise.




This contempt wasn’t a clause in the party’s constitution, but increasingly it came close to being a policy within the past fifty years - finally becoming official in the 1990s when the Labour government embraced an open-door approach to immigration, fully aware that it would be opposed by the masses. And so - it didn’t tell them. It kept the news within its ranks in the hallowed halls of Westminster, and at north London dinner parties far from the postcodes where white vans are parked and the flag of St George flies. Well, it certainly smelt like contempt.Part of the Labour party story - beyond the fleeting triumphs and the false dawns - has been that of championing an image of the working class, while showing contempt for the working class that fails to fit this image.  Way back, this was anyone who wanted to own their own home, run their own business, watch ITV, send their kids to grammar school, or live next door to people they felt they had something in common with. This changed over time, thankfully. The party realised that the multitude didn’t exist in some folksy, prelapsarian, mythical north somewhere in the 1930s.The perennials of unemployment, housing lists and the north-south divide persisted, but essentially the outlook and the aspirations of the working class changed.  What didn’t was the party’s failure to address concerns among the multitude - immigration, multiculturalism, Europe -  that didn’t fit with the image in which it had cast the average bloke, whoever he was. (As a cub reporter the late Gilbert Harding charged into a pub and bellowed: “Where will I find the average man?” Only to discover that every example was the exception to the rule). From the off, those early supporters of the Labour party, the Fabians Beatrice and Sidney Webb,  showed contempt for the leisure of the working class. Those steeped in the internationalism of the hard left, and the self-loathing of the soft-centre, never understood the patriotism of the British working class - something that was an extension of the neighbourhood, as surely as this was an extension of the street, and the street an extension of the home, for those that had little else to align themselves with. Along with  this came an insularity, localism, collectivism (that was celebrated), but equally, a negative reaction to outsiders arriving en masse and changing the cultural landscape (which was condemned).Read more:
Ed Miliband defends Emily Thornberry sacking: 'Her tweet conveyed a sense of disrespect'
Nigel Farage: The key to Ukip's victory in Rochester? We listened to people

Ukip leader Nigel Farage claims Labour party is 'anti-English'
Seeing the image tweeted by Labour’s now former shadow attorney general, it’s as though this concept of the working class is being held up to ridicule. The absence of an accompanying comment appears to underline this. Thornberry’s fatal faux pas has been compared with that of Gordon Brown’s almighty  slip-up, when he was heard to refer to Labour voter Gillian Duffy as a bigot for daring to raise the taboo of immigration. Chances are this might have a similar impact.  In pictures: Rochester by-election
Emily Thornberry claims there was no malice aforethought in her eagerness to keep her Twitter followers updated on her day out. It was simply that she never comes across such sights on the Islington street in which she lives. But we all live in a culture where such cries of innocuousness and innocence are redundant. It’s a culture that the Labour party itself has created - a false triumph you could argue - and now it has come along and bitten one of its own on the rear. Before, and certainly beyond the era of the Macpherson Report and its thought crime of “unwitting prejudice”, we had to be seen to be offended, and often on the behalf of others; of being guilty until proven innocent; of giving interpretation precedence over intention. How ironic, that it should now be a character so much part of that culture who has been condemned and forced to apologise and resign - the very stereotype and caricature, no less: a multi-millionaire, Islington-living, Labour minister who married well, and created her riches in the nebulous but lucrative field of human rights law.The stereotypical white van man with his St George flag, must be absolutely relishing this as he prepares to give his vote to another party. Just like so many of his number in Rochester, Clacton, and Heywood and Middleton.Michael Collins is the author of ‘The Likes of Us: A Biography of the Working Class’, published by Granta  








React Now


















Tweet




 

 


























The Daily Cartoon









Enter URL:



Enter URL:




































Please provide search keyword(s)












Advanced search 




Article archive 




Topics 


























New



Hot



Commented








Voices



A crackdown on cold callers may not be going far enough









Voices



While Chris Grayling tries to sell British justice abroad, this Government is pulling it apart at home









Voices



You can be interested in politics and still want to know who was wearing Dior to the Oscars









Voices



Just because you’ve got a rich ex-husband doesn’t mean you shouldn’t have to work for a living









Voices



Brit Awards 2015: Commercial success is rewarded, no matter how bland and banal you have to be to get there















Russia's roadmap for annexing eastern Ukraine 'leaked from Vladimir Putin's office'	


Adam Withnall




EU referendum: Support for Britain's EU membership reaches all-time high	


Zachary Davies Boren




Britain First claims to be behind thousands of complaints to Ofcom over 100 Days of Ukip 


Heather Saul




'Mein Kampf' reissued: Is Adolf Hitler's book too dangerous for the general public?	


Anthony Faiola




Chris Kyle killer Eddie Ray Routh found guilty of murder and sentenced to life in prison	


David Usborne




Jon Snow didn't take a job with the 'boring' BBC because he's 'a rebel, a maverick'	


Jenn Selby






























independent images







SWPA 2015 shortlist






Oscars 2015: The winners






Oscars 2015: Red carpet






The Atlas of Beauty






Lunar New Year 2015






School lunches around the world






World news in pictures






UK news in pictures






Arts + Ents news in pictures 






Sport news in pictures





< Previous
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
Next >















SPONSORED FEATURES








Crowdfunding: The end-end solution for business success.

Calling all entrepreneurs! See how crowdfunding can provide you with a full-circle, end to end solution for your business.

 
Prizes & offers


Business videos






Enter the latest Independent competitions 

Win anything from gadgets to five-star holidays on our competitions and offers page.

 
Crowdfunding


Business videos






Business videos from commercial thought leaders

Watch the best in the business world give their insights into the world of business.

 
Crowdfunding


Prizes & offers
















More FromMichael Collins




Michael Collins: All huddled together under one roof






Television Review






Television Review






Music: Pictures from an exhibitionist






Arts: Survival of the wittiest




















iJobs General



Recruitment Genius: Commercial Property Surveyor

£25000 - £35000 per annum:
Recruitment Genius:
One of the leading firms of Cha...


Ashdown Group: Payroll Manager - Camden/Kentish Town, NW London

£40000 - £45000 per annum + Benefits:
Ashdown Group:
Payroll Manager - Camden/...


Sauce Recruitment: Business Manager - Photography & Advertising

competitive + benefits:
Sauce Recruitment:
A successful photographer is search...


Recruitment Genius: Account Manager

£25000 - £30000 per annum:
Recruitment Genius:
This is an opportunity to join ...





View the latest from iJobs






Day In a Page





Sun
Mon
Tue
Wed
Thu
Fri
Sat





1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31


January
February
March
April
May
June
July
August
September
October
November
December


1992
1993
1994
1995
1996
1997
1998
1999
2000
2001
2002
2003
2004
2005
2006
2007
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015

Go









 











Read Next



 
A crackdown on cold callers may not be going far enough


Sean O'Grady















 
While Chris Grayling tries to sell British justice abroad, this Government is pulling it apart at home


Andrew Langdon


























Scientists hail daily pill that protects against HIV infection Breakthrough in battle against global scourge – but will the NHS pay for it? 






Time to play God Welcome to the 'Anthropocene', the human epoch where we may need to redefine nature itself 






MacGyver returns, but with a difference Handyman hero of classic 1980s TV series to be recast as a woman 






Tunnel renaissance Why cities are hiding roads underground 






Boys to men The Backstreet Boys might be middle-aged, married and have dodgy knees, but a heartfelt documentary reveals they’re not going gently into pop’s good night 








Crufts 2015 Should foreign dogs be allowed to compete? 






How to make your home cinema more cinematic: 10 best projectors Want to recreate the big-screen experience in your sitting room? IndyBest sizes up gadgets to form your film-watching 






Manchester City vs Barcelona player ratings Luis Suarez? Lionel Messi? Joe Hart? Who was the star man at the Etihad? 






Monaco: the making of Wenger  Jack Pitt-Brooke speaks to former players and learns the Frenchman’s man-management has always been one of his best skills 






Chris Gayle: The West Indies' enigma Some said the game's eternal rebel was washed up. As ever, he proved he writes the scripts by producing a blistering World Cup innings 








In Ukraine a dark world of hybrid warfare This war in the shadows has been going on since the fall of Mr Yanukovych 






Homage or plagiarism? 'Birdman' shares much DNA with Woody Allen's 'Bullets Over Broadway' 






A damp squib not even David Tennant can revive Broadchurch, Series 2 finale, review 






Inside the mansion of Germany's 'Bishop of Bling' A Koi carp breeding pond, wall-mounted iPads and a bathroom with a 'wellness' shower 






Leaked tapes 'prove Egypt's defence minister tried to disguise anti-Morsi coup' Tapes provide valuable evidence the Egyptian President was deposed unconstitutionally in 2013 































Terms & Policies 



Privacy Policy 



Cookie policy 



Code of Conduct 



Complaint form 



Email newsletters 



RSS 



Live Blogs 



About i100 







Contact Us 



Subscriptions 



Apps 



Work for us 



Evening Standard 



Homes & Property 



iJobs 



News video 



Sport video 







Advertising Guide 



Syndication 



Novaya Gazeta (English) 



ES Business Connections 



ES Rentals 



London Live 




© independent.co.uk





























Please provide search keyword(s)












Advanced search 




Article archive 




Topics 
































