medhajnews-Home 









 February 25 , 2015


Discussing India, Global Trends, Strategy and Undercurrents












    
                        
Follow@medhajnews












Home

IndiaWorldElectionsPolitical TrendsPalestine: Birth of a Nation Kobani-Rojava: 21st century RevolutionThe Columnist 














Home

IndiaWorldElectionsPolitical TrendsPalestine: Birth of a Nation Kobani-Rojava: 21st century Revolution




medhajnews-Home

























                                    ISIL plans to invade Lebanon, declare emirate, report says                                

Palestinian Teen Killed By Israeli Army Fire In Bethlehem Soldiers injured, Palestinian killed in overnight clash north of Bethlehem Several caravans blew apart last night due to the weather, the storm in Beit Lahia, Gaza Several caravans blew apart last night due to the weather, the storm in Beit Lahia, Gaza Heavy snowfall in Palestine, homeless face severe problem in harsh climate BREAKING: 2 trains collide in Zurich with up to 50 injured - local media













Breaking Stories
 Discrepancies found in BJP’s donation list submitted to EC Bangladesh court orders opposition leader Zia arrest Two Hizb militants killed in Kashmir's Shopian encounter Yemen's Houthis say Hadi lost legitimacy, being sought as a fugitive Man kills eight in Czech town Clashes with Israeli occupation forces troops heat up in Hebron Bethlehem: Israeli soldiers killed Al-Jaafari yesterday; today, settlers burn a mosque  UN climate head resigns amid sexual allegations






Feature Stories

Will exploitation of fear and vilification of Europe be the winning formula in the Israeli elections?We all remember the infamous comical moment when Benjamin Netanyahu addressed the UN back in 2012 and made his fabricated... Israel plans to build 63,000 housing units in occupied Jerusalem, West BankHebrew media sources disclosed an Israeli project to build 63,000 new housing units in occupied Jerusalem and the West Bank... Video Shows Orlando Cop Kneeing Handcuffed Suspect and Rupturing His SpleenThe Orlando Police Department is under scrutiny after video footage surfaced showing an officer kneeing a handcuffed prisoner in... Political settlement in Ukraine depends a lot on Donbas elections — Russia's UN ambassadorThe ambassador also drew attention to the fact that scores of people had to flee the conflict zone, finding themselves elsewhere... Top Secret? Jordan Furious After Pentagon Reveals Anti-ISIL Training SiteThe Pentagon has altered records to try and cover up its disclosure that one of its training camps to battle Islamic State... Japan veering away from global human rights standards, says Amnesty InternationalAmnesty International has slammed Japan for its handling of ethnic minorities, for levels of violence against women, and for... Tory MP urges doctors to use astrology to treat patientsA Conservative MP has urged the NHS to use astrology when treating patients and says that anyone who doesn’t believe in a relationship between astronomical phenomena... Following beatings by Israeli soldiers prisoner Abu Sawawin’s condition deteriorates The Palestinian prisoner Hamza Abu Sawawin, who stabbed an Israeli warden on Monday, was transferred to an Israeli hospital... Survey: Zionist Union "left" leads Likud "right" by 2 mandatesA new survey conducted by Dr. Mina Tzemach and published by Israeli Channel 2 Tuesday shows the Zionist Union"... U.S. prepares draft threatening UN sanctions on South SudanThe United States on Tuesday distributed a draft U.N. Security Council resolution that would establish a sanctions regime for war-torn South Sudan, but...


Hamas: No way to accept blacklisting of Hamas as terroristDeputy Head of Hamas political bureau, Ismail Haneyya, reiterated the group’s adoption of a strategy of non-interference regarding Egyptian affairs, holding the Israeli... Israeli campaign to mobilize mass-participation in Judaization MarathonIsrael’s Jerusalem Mayor Nir Barakat on Monday launched a campaign mobilizing settler masses to partake in... EU calls for urgent need to lift Gaza siegeThe European Union (EU) has renewed Tuesday calls for the urgent need to lift the siege on Gaza and to implement the Palestinian national reconciliation that would... Houthis threaten to charge uncooperative Yemen ministers with 'treason'Houthis prevent FM from receiving visitors in Sanaa as thousands of Yemenis mourn death of protestor killed by Shiite... Former US official: CIA 'used British island to interrogate terror suspects'Lawrence Wilkerson is the latest of a number of US officials to say British territory was used in CIA rendition programme

The... Russia slams potential US plans to arm KievRussia has slammed potential US plans to supply weapons and ammunition to the Ukrainian government as a “major blow” to the recent Minsk agreements between Kiev and... Britain legalizes three-parent IVF babiesBritain has become the first country to legalize the creation of IVF babies with the DNA of three people.     

The required changes in the law, making it... All tea tribes not to get ST statusAll the tribes bracketed as “tea tribes” in Assam will not be considered for the status of Scheduled Tribes (ST) by the Government of India.

According to the... Mufti sayeed will be sworn-in as J&K CM on 1st MarchPeoples Democratic Party patron Mufti Mohammad Sayeed will be sworn in as the chief minister of Jammu and Kashmir on 1 March, a top source said on Tuesday.

"Yes, decks... Militant killed in ongoing Kashmir firefight A militant was killed in an ongoing fierce gunfight that broke out between militants and government forces in south Kashmir’s Shopian district on Tuesday...


 










IndiaPDP-BJP Govt will run from Nagpur not from Kashmir: AzadReacting over the proposed PDP-BJP alliance in the State, Senior Congress leader and former Chief Minister of Jammu and Kashmir Ghulam Nabi Azad has said that the state government...continue Sangh Parivar joins the stir against government's 'anti-poor' policies .. Rajnath asked Delhi Police to extend full support to AAP.. CPI (M) State conference begins in Chennai.. Pak again opens fire at BSF post in RS Pura.. The Advocate Of The Terrorised: Remembering Shahid Azmi, On The Day He Was Murdered..WorldHolland cracking down on popular pot-dealing ‘coffee shops’ under new drug lawsThe last time Derrick Bergman came to Amsterdam to buy cannabis, he did so behind a locked door with a long, thick curtain obscuring his activity from the canal-lined residential...continue Obama aide: Don’t classify ISIL as Islamic group.. World Food Program facing worst crisis since WWII.. North Korea holds drills ahead of South-US war games.. Elijah Marsh: Tragic footage shows boy aged 3 wearing nappy wandering outside to his death in freezing conditions.. Myanmar army keeps offensive against ethnic rebels..ElectionsWill exploitation of fear and vilification of Europe be the winning formula in the Israeli elections?We all remember the infamous comical moment when Benjamin Netanyahu addressed the UN back in 2012 and made his fabricated case for striking Iran. In his desperation to...continue Survey: Zionist Union "left" leads Likud "right" by 2 mandates.. Zionism debate at heart of Israel's bitterly fought election.. Nigeria Elections: Pro-US/Israel PDP ruling party openly buying Voter Cards.. Inside Obasanjo’s epic war with PDP.. Nigeria Polls: No going back on card readers – Jega..Political TrendsPolitical settlement in Ukraine depends a lot on Donbas elections — Russia's UN ambassadorThe ambassador also drew attention to the fact that scores of people had to flee the conflict zone, finding themselves elsewhere in Ukraine or abroad

Russia believes the...continue U.S. prepares draft threatening UN sanctions on South Sudan.. Houthis threaten to charge uncooperative Yemen ministers with 'treason'.. White House Considering Punishing Procedures as a Reaction to Netanyahu's Upcoming Speech at Congress.. Forced to flee after Houthi takeover, Yemeni ex-president reacts.. White House likely to boycott Netanyahu's functions in the US..Palestine: Birth of a Nation Israel plans to build 63,000 housing units in occupied Jerusalem, West BankHebrew media sources disclosed an Israeli project to build 63,000 new housing units in occupied Jerusalem and the West Bank within the Israeli occupation policy of Judaization of...continue Israeli NGO: 40% rise in new West Bank settlement homes.. Palestinian civilian injured in hit-and-run by Israeli settler.. In Israel, torture is actually legal, sanctified by Courts .. Zionist Lieberman’s call to execute Palestinian prisoners boosts resistance.. Israeli forces confiscates 27000 dunums in southeast Jerusalem for settlement..Kobani-Rojava: 21st century RevolutionClashes underway between Kurds, ISIL in NE SyriaKurdish fighters have been engaged in heavy fighting with the ISIL Takfiri militants over the control of several villages in northeastern Syria.

According to Syrian...continue Death threatens Yazidis in Shingal Mountain: official .. Clashes underway between Kurds, ISIL in NE Syria.. We are not seeking independent state but canton in Turkey: Cemil Bayik.. Three Peshmerga brigades will join Mosul release operation: official .. We are waiting PKK disarmament message from Imrali: Erdogan ..The ColumnistWilhelm Langthaler: German austerity diktat to Syriza proves impossibility of “social Europe”The Brussels agreement to extend the EU programme for Greece can lead to a humiliating defeat for the Syriza government. Their attempts to rally support within the union’s...continue Sarino Elu - Israel The Video Maker.. Rana Ayyub - Kejriwal's Humility Admirable, RSS Leaders Noted.. Raising Black Sons in a White Country.. Ibrahim al-Amin: Syria Now a Country of Anti-Israel/NATO `Axis of Resistance'.. Asim Khan: Shahid Azmi, the Mumbai based, 21st century martyr of modern India; a tribute..Culture WarsDark Money Could Get Even DarkerThe story of dark money could get a new chapter from the Supreme Court this term in ProtectMarriage.com v. Bowen. This case has been bouncing around the courts since 2009 and...continue 50 Shades of Grey attack victim lost mother 24 hours after being assaulted by 3 women at screening.. Conservatives hilariously overreact to ‘horrifying,’ ‘fascist’ black power group for Oakland girls.. White Terror: Spirituality, Ancestral Memory and the Politics of Remembering.. Erdogan: I'm a chauvinist? Look at the Jews!.. This preacher’s twisted anti-gay rant to an Alabama city council is both vile and absurd..Conflict ZonesISIS may soon declare Islamic emirate in LebanonISIS is preparing military plans to declare an Islamic emirate in Lebanon very soon to serve as a geographical extension of the so-called “Islamic State” announced by...continue ‘Boko Haram’ leaflets criticizing Shekau surface in Adamawa.. Israeli aircraft violates Lebanese airspace.. Poroshenko's cowardice betrayed the Ukrainian Army in Debaltseve.. US and Turkey agree to train, equip Syrian rebels against ISIS.. Syrian Army Destroys Gunmen Tunnel in Aleppo, Foils Infiltration from Jordan..South AsiaIslamabad police arrest 15 suspectsPolice claimed to have arrested at least fifteen suspects, including a member of a banned terrorist outfit, during a crackdown in different areas of...continue In Rohingya camp, tensions mount over Myanmar plan to revoke ID cards.. Pakistan, Turkey agree to work on free trade agreement.. Chinese FM to chair UNSC open debate.. Pakistanis stage rallies to denounce Shia killings.. ‘Reconciliation priority for Sri Lanka gov't’: President..White Jazz Video Shows Orlando Cop Kneeing Handcuffed Suspect and Rupturing His SpleenThe Orlando Police Department is under scrutiny after video footage surfaced showing an officer kneeing a handcuffed prisoner in a holding cell and rupturing the man's spleen...continue No charges for LA cops who gunned down unarmed veteran on live TV during chase.. Civil Rights Denied To Blacks Protesting After The Ferguson Shooting  ..  Washington Police seizes phone that filmed its illegal killing without warrant .. Bad lieutenant: American police brutality, exported from Chicago to Guantánamo.. Black officers rally around white cop who used N-word during Denver ‘zombie crawl’ turmoil..Spy GamesFormer US official: CIA 'used British island to interrogate terror suspects'Lawrence Wilkerson is the latest of a number of US officials to say British territory was used in CIA rendition programme

The British-controlled island of Diego Garcia was used...continue Occupation spy caught in act by Gaza resistance fighters.. US historian: ISIL is Washington's secret army.. CIA sought to mislead IAEA on Iran’s nuclear program: Documents.. CIA-Mossad angle in bomb blasts in Somalia  .. Snowden docs reveal US-UK backed massive, mass hacking into 2 bn SIM cards..Left-Wing SoccerMalcolm X Quotes: 20 Famous Phrases From Speeches, Interviews On 50th Anniversary Of Civil Rights Icon's AssassinationOn Saturday, the 50th anniversary of his death, the world will remember civil rights activist Malcolm X. Before his assassination on Feb. 21, 1965, the influential orator gave...continue  Tino, Tino, Palestino: The Little Piece of Palestine in Chile .. We Need Syriza in Illinois.. Marinaleda, Spain, democratic and socialist: everyone works, no police, salary is 1200 Euros.. A War on Workers in Illinois.. Mandela and Marwan Barghouthi: two symbols of the struggle against apartheid..American Hip-HopUS: Chicago Police detains people without charge; tortures to death in secret facilityThe Chicago police department operates an off-the-books interrogation compound, rendering Americans unable to be found by family or lawyers while locked inside what attorneys say...continue 4-year-old Wasilla boy shot in the leg when mother’s .357 magnum falls out of her holster.. McCain is ‘ashamed’ of Obama, himself over Ukraine.. Exclusive: Pentagon Doubts Its Own ISIS War Plan.. Prominent D.C. rabbi pleads guilty to videotaping women during ritual baths.. Jeb Bush isn’t George W — he just thinks the same and hires the same people..Geo-PoliticsRussia slams potential US plans to arm KievRussia has slammed potential US plans to supply weapons and ammunition to the Ukrainian government as a “major blow” to the recent Minsk agreements between Kiev and...continue "To save lives, Ukraine Government should ask its army to surrender in Debaltsevo": Putin .. US condemns 'chilling' sentences of Egypt activists.. After Failing to Dislodge Assad NATO Prepares For War With Russia.. Ukraine Government Forces Encircled and Defeated: The Strategic Implications of The Battle for Debaltsevo.. Turning Libya into a lawless hellhole 'was the right thing to do', says David Cameron.. 2015: Battleground UK Tony Blair’s ex-private secretary becomes Britain’s ambassador to IsraelIn a move sure to effect May 2015 bound general elections in the country, Britain’s newly appointed ambassador to Israel, David Quarrey, served as Tony Blair’s private...continue Are They So Stupid? Tories Attack Church Of England For Leftist Views!  .. Pro-Palestinian UK politicians get beaten up; Pro-Israeli Tories get paid.. Delays at crowded UK hospitals cause 1000s of deaths: Report.. ‘Zionists pulling strings of UK govt.’.. 'More than 30 politicians and officials' to be criticised in Iraq inquiry report..The Mind GameIsraeli campaign to mobilize mass-participation in Judaization MarathonIsrael’s Jerusalem Mayor Nir Barakat on Monday launched a campaign mobilizing settler masses to partake in Jerusalem Marathon, scheduled for 13 March, Al-Aqsa...continue Israel knows Iran N-program is peaceful, leaked Mossad report shows.. Israel Purchases 14 Additional Warplanes from US.. Venezuela capital mayor indicted for conspiracy.. How President Obama has deceived the American people on Ukraine and Syria.. US: Israel leaks inaccurate info about Iran talks..Evening in ParisFrench City Installs Anti-Homeless Cages to Banish The PoorThe right-wing city council of Angouleme in southwest France has come under fire for banishing homeless people from its city center, after it installed cages that completely cover...continue Israeli book chain cancels in-store promotion of special Charlie Hebdo cartoon issue.. Conspiracy: Medhaj News exclusive exposes glaring loopholes in the official Charlie Hebdo version.. Zionist hand revealed: Rothschild family had purchased Charlie Hebdo in December 2014.. Anti-racist on trial for book and song criticising France speaks out.. Anti-Muslim crimes soar in France in wake of Paris attacks..War Against Terror: Fact & FictionTop Secret? Jordan Furious After Pentagon Reveals Anti-ISIL Training SiteThe Pentagon has altered records to try and cover up its disclosure that one of its training camps to battle Islamic State militants is located in Jordan – information...continue "US Less Than Helpful In Anti-Boko Haram Fight": Nigerian Govt .. US-led coalition against ISIL ineffective: Iran official.. Copenhagen/Charlie Hebdo false flag attacks designed to further Zionist quest for `greater Israel'  .. Copenhagen Shooting: Anti-Muslim line set even before Police confirms its a terrorist attack .. Terror laws boost UK's descent into 'police state'..EuropeEU calls for urgent need to lift Gaza siegeThe European Union (EU) has renewed Tuesday calls for the urgent need to lift the siege on Gaza and to implement the Palestinian national reconciliation that would...continue Air Pollution From Europe and the US Is Making the Tropics Drier.. Report: Russia to establish military bases in EU member Cyprus.. The Next Syriza? Meet the Activist Who Could Become Spain’s New PM.. EU leaders worried about Syriza 'Virus' spreading across Europe.. Expert: Pro-Israel support fading out across Europe..Media Lies German TV channel under fire over fake ‘Russian tanks in Ukraine’ footageA citizen’s media group has lodged a complaint against German television channel ZDF for airing a photograph of Russian tanks in eastern Ukraine, which in reality were...continue US mainstream media demonizing Muslims: American pastor.. Mainstream Media Lies, Lies, and Lies .. Russia's fictitious 'aggression': how the BBC beats the drums of nuclear war.. US Mainstream Media: A Holocaust of Lies.. Double standards: Zionist influences still cast long shadow over BBC..London Underground Tory MP urges doctors to use astrology to treat patientsA Conservative MP has urged the NHS to use astrology when treating patients and says that anyone who doesn’t believe in a relationship between astronomical phenomena...continue Britain legalizes three-parent IVF babies.. ‘Child kidnappings 4 times what UK officials admit’.. Anonymous to Expose Child Sex Abuses Perpetrated By UK’s Royal Family/Other Elites .. Child sex abuse inquiry papers posted online.. U.K. Jewish leader steps down due to ban on criticizing Israel..Political EconomyTrade Crazy: The Push for Fast-Track Trade AuthorityWashington politics always involves a high level of silliness (does President Obama really love the US?), but when it comes to trade policy it shifts to full-fledged craziness....continue Capital and Labour: 20 percent of US production capacity knocked out by refinery strike.. Budget 2015: Central funding in social welfare schemes to states likely to be slashed by 25-30%.. On Greece, Germany and EU are still in the 19th century.. IMF Loans to Ukraine: Deadly “Economic Medicine” Aimed at Total Destabilization.. Iran, Turkey to hold trade conference ..Resistance and ProtestHamas: No way to accept blacklisting of Hamas as terroristDeputy Head of Hamas political bureau, Ismail Haneyya, reiterated the group’s adoption of a strategy of non-interference regarding Egyptian affairs, holding the Israeli...continue US Police State: Anonymous Activist Faces 3 Years Prison for Protesting in Ferguson.. 25 Palestinians subjected to solitary lock-down in Israeli jails.. Brazil: Pataxo-indigenous people fight neo-colonialism operating under the `conservation' garb     .. Peace activists Begin Open Shuhada Street Campaign In Palestine .. Anniv Special: Malcolm X Stood For Palestine, Opposed Israel-Zionism; FBI Had Him Killed  ..InjusticeJapan veering away from global human rights standards, says Amnesty InternationalAmnesty International has slammed Japan for its handling of ethnic minorities, for levels of violence against women, and for curbing transparency through a recently imposed...continue Following beatings by Israeli soldiers prisoner Abu Sawawin’s condition deteriorates .. IOA thwarts mother of 2 Palestinian martyrs from visiting the 3rd in prison..  Reacting to inhuman conditions, Palestinian prisoner stabs Israeli officer in Raymond Jail  .. Gaza’s power generator stops working as Strip runs out of fuel.. Revealed: Unlike most Walmart workers, ancient Egyptians got paid sick days..Crime and CorruptionThe truth behind the West's plundering of Ukraine, the Middle East (and somehow they still refer to Putin as 'Hitler')As the conflict in Ukraine persists and as peace talks between Putin and western European leaders (Merkel and Hollande) continue, it is important to look at...continue Washington D.C. rabbi secretly filmed more than 150 women in ritual bath.. US agencies concealing video of Prince Andrew/Epstein sexually torturing minors.. Expose: Israel misappropriates $6b of West Bank resources per annum.. AAP demands SIT probe into funding.. Israel planning an anti-Palestine genocide in Negev ..Islamophobia7 Anti-Muslim Incidents That Happened Since the Chapel Hill MurdersThe past week has shown a sharp increase in Islamophobia – which has put many communities on edge.

In 2012, the American Muslim community experienced one of...continue Joint Arab List slams anti-Islam cartoons.. Muslim snooker player attacked for carrying ISIS Business Solution logo!.. North Dakota Republicans freak out after Muslim invited to pray at statehouse.. Expose: The Dirty Millionaires behind America's well-funded Islamophobic Industry.. Hello European Feminists? 80% of anti-Muslim violence in France directed at women..RacismNew York State senator calls for reinvestigation into Malcolm X’s murderNew York State Senator James Sanders has called for state and federal authorities to reopen the investigation into Malcolm X’s assassination, a half-century...continue Chelsea fans shove black passenger off Paris Metro; chant racist slogans.. ‘Lincoln N****r University’: Vandals deface entrance to America’s first historically black college.. FBI investigates claim suspects in 1946 Georgia mass lynching may be alive.. Black Mississippi Judge Weeps With Words On Racism Sentencing Three White Men For Murder  .. Georgia Black Man Killed By The Police Was Shot 5 Times; Handcuffed Till He Died..Jammu & KashmirMufti sayeed will be sworn-in as J&K CM on 1st MarchPeoples Democratic Party patron Mufti Mohammad Sayeed will be sworn in as the chief minister of Jammu and Kashmir on 1 March, a top source said on Tuesday.

"Yes, decks...continue Militant killed in ongoing Kashmir firefight .. Army worries as Kashmiri youth join militancy.. Health officials should be booked for criminal negligence: DAK.. Soz asks Congress legislators to vote for NC candidates in LC polls.. PDP-BJP govt to take over either on Feb 27 or 28..Assam & North EastAll tea tribes not to get ST statusAll the tribes bracketed as “tea tribes” in Assam will not be considered for the status of Scheduled Tribes (ST) by the Government of India.

According to the...continue Talks to decide the fate of Lower Subansiri dam.. Assam-Nagaland border tense again.. Seven top KPLT ultras held.. Full-scale operation against NDFB(S).. Insurgency main hurdle in NE progress: Rajnath.. 
















YOUR NEWS
Vanzara, Khakhi terror will be out of jail todayRetired deputy inspector general of police DG Vanzara, who was granted bail in Ishrat Jahan fake encounter case by a special court in the city recently, will finally be released from custody on Wednesday.

The delay in his release was caused...continueMy new found love-Oatmeal!! Part-1Oats are known to be the powerhouse of many essential nutrients required for overall development. All around the world, Oats are not consumed for breakfast but there are plenty of ways to include this yummy grain throughout the day. Until recently,...continue3Rs of Recognition!Last week, I got few opportunities to interact with my HR head friends.

And we were having very interesting conversation on "How to improve recognition at our workplaces?"

We will try to sum up these conversations by focusing on top...continueHave you ever wondered that cooking your own food can make you lose weight…..Yes it does!Cooking your own food helps you to design or make your kind of food which is beneficial for healthy living.  Another important factor is the right time and amount of food to be consumed. Everyone should make it a point to eat 5-6 meals, evenly...continueRiddle of the Israeli electionsForty days ahead of the 2015 elections, the " Israeli left" has a mere one-seat advantage over ruling party Likud, according to a Yedioth Ahronoth poll published on Friday.

The poll, conducted by Dr. Mina Tzemach and the...continueMusings of a Modi fan: Why Delhi should vote for Kejriwal  I have not been a big fan of AAP; but, despite all my liking and preference for leader Modi, I have started thinking of AAP as a better choice than BJP for Delhi.   

Reasons are a mix of following points.

1. MODI and...continueHow to beat a 'Goliath'?In today's hyper competitive and complex world, we are witnessing many inspiring stories. 

A weaker person/entity is able to beat a stronger person/entity. 

Is it really possible? 
Indeed. How does it...continueHave you ever wondered that cooking your own food can make you lose weight…..Yes it does! – Part 1Most of us in today’s fact paced world likes to believe that staying healthy can only be a God’s gift to some selected lot which the almighty likes to allocate carefully to only deserving people based on their past karma.

This is my...continueIndia’s first double hand transplant successful, says doctorsWith the first successful double hand transplant, Indian doctors have registered a rare feat of carrying out the world’s first hand transplant of a coloured skin and the first hand transplant in any developing country.  So far only 110...continueGrooming Generation Y !I attended a number of discussions on Generation Y. The people born during the 1980s and early 1990s are called Generation Y. 

In my opinion, the Generation Y arrived with the emergence of technology era. They are well versed with...continueCommunal disturbances/sectarian violence in Gujarat, India: Report of Jan. 14, 2015, Hansot, Bharuch  incidentsA communal riot broke out at Hansot lying between Vadodara and Surat on Jan. 14, 2015. The intensity of the riots in an area that had been in communal peace, even during the 2002 tragedy, was a cause of serious concern.  More...continueIslamic Fundamentalism nothing but a historic reaction to Israeli colonialism We anti-imperialists are not part of the clash of civilizations

We prefer Frantz Fanon to Charlie Hebdo

The attack on the satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo is a further escalation in the unequal confrontation between the West and the...continueSerious allegations against Goa's Advocate-GeneralEven a Judge would know which way the verdict will go only after hearing both sides. But the only person who can confidently assure you to extract a favorable judgment in any case is the flamboyant Advocate General of Goa Atmaram Nadkarni.

With...continueJapan Muslims appeal against Hebdo cartoons To

January 21, 2015

Tokyo Shimbun,

Uchisaiwai-cho, 2-1—4, Chiyoda-Ku,

Tokyo

Dear Editor,

Tokyo Shimbun

We the Muslims of all nationalities in Japan are demonstrating today in front of your office to protest and express our...continueBeing People Centric!I hope New Year brings new hopes, solid plans and inspirational actions in our professional lives!

I was thinking what should be our next topic to discuss and there flashes news from Mark Zuckerberg's new year resolution, for which he...continuePress Release: Farmers across Gujarat being Detained                        Red carpet for National and International Corporate Honchos, iron fist at Farmers

While the Government of Gujarat is splurging on the jamboree called Vibrant...continueEMPOWERING HONEST BUSINESSES AND ENTREPRENEURSTHIS CAN BECOME ANOTHER RTI KIND OF REVOLUTIONARY IDEA AS THIS WILL GIVE TOOL IN THE HAND OF HONEST BUSINESSES TO PROTECT THEIR INTEREST AND CORRUPTION WILL ALSO REDUCE.

Context

Research says that 96 % of companies shut down their business...continueDemocrats sweep Karachi Press Club ElectionsOrganisation of "the Democrats" swept Karachi Press Club elections for year 2015 by winning all seats.

According to official results announced by Chief Election Commissioner Prof Dr Taseef Ahmed Khan, Fazil Jamili was elected the...continueConversion: Gujarat becomes the hottest Though it is very chilled atmosphere in Gujarat, but RSS along with its sister organisations like VHP, Bajrang Dal are leaving no stone unturned to boil this Hindutva Laboratory state with continuous conversion plans. Now RSS would show its strength...continueAll India Dawah Centers Association condemns Peshawar attackTo All Those Who Care About Peace, Justice & Humanity.-

We at AIDCA (All India Dawah Centers Association) an umbrella body of various Dawah organisations and individuals across India condemn in the strongest terms possible the brutal killing...continuePak actress Mahira Khan to make Bollywood debut with SRK's 'Raees'After Veena Malik, Fawad Khan and Humaima Mallick, Pakistani actor Mahira Khan is set to make her debut in Bollywood with Shah Rukh Khan-starrer 'Raees'.

Mahira, famous for her role in the TV show 'Humsafar' will feature opposite...continueDavid Cameron, Manohar Parrikar and now Dimple Yadav..After British PM David Cameron who travelled in a tube and posed for photoops with other fellow passengers and Indian Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar who flew economy class in a budget airline, it is now the turn of Mrs. Dimple Yadav, wife of...continueIs anyone listening? Trauma and despair on the increase in besieged GazaCases of trauma and acute despair are being seen more often by medical professionals across the besieged Gaza Strip. Almost every family, it is claimed, is affected, and the problems are leading to a marked increase in suicide attempts.

According...continuePalestinian move for UN membership irked US, IsraelOver the past year, coverage of the conflict between Israel and Palestine has been dominated by news of peace talks falling apart, the battle between Israel and Hamas in Gaza over the summer, and ongoing clashes in Jerusalem. In the background,...continueBoycott politics has hurt Srinagar the most: Karra ‘NC & Co using it as a tool to manipulate polls’; PDP MP urges Srinagarites to join movement for change

 

Senior PDP leader and Member Parliament, Mr Tariq Hameed Karra today said the boycott politics has not only...continueCommunal Clash Over Rs 10Hindus and Muslims fought pitched battles ostensibly over Rs 10 in Patan-Somnath town in Gujarat. A fact finding team found the situation to have been communalised and polarised raising worries that the real perpetrators of the violence might still...continue‘Radical groups kill 5k in Nov.’A British study has estimated that more than 5,000 people across the globe were killed in the month of November in violent acts perpetrated by extremist groups.

The study, conducted by state-funded British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC), further...continue 









About Us


Disclaimer


Careers


Send News


Advertise With Us





Copyright © 2014 Medhaj All Rights Reserved.


