Tories' New Election Law Changes Could Hurt Liberals, Data Suggests  
Tories' New Election Law Changes Could Hurt Liberals, Data Suggests













		View mobile site	



 














































February 25, 2015

Huffpost Canada Politics
ca






		Edition: ca

Show/Hide





Brasil BR




Canada CA




Deutschland DE




España ES




France FR




Ελλάδα (Greece) GR




India IN




Italia IT




日本 (Japan) JP




한국 (Korea) KR




Maghreb MG




United Kingdom UK




United States US






		Region: ALL

Show/Hide





                    All Canada                



                    Alberta                



                    British Columbia                



                    Québec (en français)                









 




Follow





Newsletters





Get Canada PoliticsNewsletters
Email address

Enter Email Address









Huffington Post Search





Search The Huffington Post
Enter Search Terms

Submit Search




























iOS app
Android app
More








Desktop Alerts
 Log in
Create Account








$USERNAME




Desktop Notifications


Profile


Settings


                                                Logout                                            

















FRONT PAGE


Politics








Harper's Controversial Anti-Terror Bill Passes Second Reading
213




Obama Vetoes Keystone XL Bill
101




Harper Calls NDP Criticisms Of Anti-Terror Bill Ridiculous
166




PHOTOS: Ontario's New Sex-Ed Curriculum Sparks Heated Debate
41




Tories Flip Stance On Doctor-Assisted Suicide Deadline
65




Go to Politics




More in Politics

The Pulse
Stephen Harper



You Might Also Like

US Politics
UK Politics







Business








Look What Just Happened To The Supply Of Condos In Toronto
10




High-Paying Jobs In Canada That Don't Need A Degree
28




The Den Could Lose Over Half Its Dragons
6




Oilsands Face $121 Billion In Lost Cash If Prices Stay Low
31




Academic Staff At Two Ontario Universities Warn Of Strike
1




Go to Business




More in Business

Small Business
Money



You Might Also Like

Tech
TechCrunch
Autoblog







WorldPost








Canadian Police Find Mysterious Underground Tunnel In Toronto
52




Aviation Expert Explains Wild MH370 Theory
46




U.K. Becomes First Country To Allow 3-Person Babies
77




American Woman Kidnapped In Nigeria
73




Venezuelan Teen Killed During Protest
17




Go to WorldPost




More in WorldPost

Foreign Affairs
World Elections
Arab Uprising
Afghanistan War
Syria Crisis



You Might Also Like

Travel
Impact







Living








11 Things None Of Us Should Be Eating Before Bed
2




WATCH: The Best (Read: Worst) Onstage Meltdowns
2




Battling PTSD, This Woman Made The Gym Her Anti-Depressant
0




Woman Reportedly Arrested For Masturbating At 'Fifty Shades Of Grey' Screening
3




Lady Gaga Reminded Us Why We Love Her With 'The Sound Of Music' Tribute
11




Go to Living




You Might Also Like

Healthy Living
Food
Recipes
Divorce
Women
Parentdish
Green
Post50
Weddings







Style








The Best And Worst Dressed At The 2015 Oscars
0




After The Party It's The Oscar After-Party
0




Zendaya Writes Powerful Defence Of Her Dreadlocks After Racist Remarks
23




JLo Shows Tons Of Cleavage On The Red Carpet
5




The Most Glamourous Oscar Photos Ever
1




Go to Style




More in Style

Beauty
Fashion
Celeb Style
Entertaining and Etiquette
Wedding Style
Home Style



You Might Also Like

Style (U.S.)
Weddings







Entertainment








Christina Aguilera's Britney Spears Impression Will Drive You Crazy
50




Jennifer Lopez Stuns In See-Through Gown At Vanity Fair Oscar Party
157




Reese Witherspoon Grabs Jennifer Aniston's Butt On The Red Carpet
100




Lady Gaga Sings 'The Sound Of Music' Tribute At The Oscars
203




Celebrities Strike A Pose For Vanity Fair Oscar Party Portraits
4




Go to Entertainment




You Might Also Like

Music
Celebrity
TV
Moviefone







Arts








35 Contemporary Photographers Unearthing Beauty Around The Globe
0




Mao Yan's Ghostly Portraits Will Keep You Up At Night
7




The Strange And Surreal World Of Germany's Spa Towns
0




Will Those 36 Questions Really Make Two People Fall In Love?
1




Manhattan's 'Dry Line' Will Look Something Like This...
2




Go to Arts




You Might Also Like

Books
Black Voices
Latino Voices
Gay Voices
Religion







Alberta








Bed Bug Pesticide Blamed For Fort McMurray Baby's Death
13




Calgary Stunt Driver Flees New York To Avoid Jail
0




A Surprise Surplus In Alberta's Budget
14




Ex-Soldier Sentenced To 4 Years For Planned Attack
3




Alberta Forecast To Bleed Jobs In 2015
7




Go to Alberta




More in Alberta

Alberta Politics
Alberta Business
Alison Redford
Calgary
Edmonton







British Columbia








This Is February In Vancouver
0




Vancouver Night Of Glitz And Giving Raises $200,000
0




Giant Octopus Hugs Diver's Face, Educates Us All
0




Private School Playground Off-Limits: B.C. Principal Tells Moms
14




Vancouver Island Mounties Charged With Assault
2




Go to British Columbia




More in British Columbia

B.C. Politics
B.C. Business
Christy Clark
Vancouver









All Sections






News

Canada Politics
Canada Business
US Politics
US Business
World
Media
Sports
Education
Crime
Weird News
Good News
Daily Finance



Entertainment

Entertainment
Music
TV
Celebrity
Comedy
Arts
Books
Moviefone



Life & Style

Living
Style
Home
Healthy Living
Taste
Weddings
Travel
Parents
Divorce
HuffPost 50
Marlo Thomas
OWN



Tech & Science

Tech
Science
Green
Techcrunch
Engadget
TUAW
Joystiq



Voices

Impact
Women
Black Voices
Latino Voices
Gay Voices
Religion
College
Teen



Local

Quebec (French)
Calgary
Montreal
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Mapquest
Patch.com





Our Mobile Apps:

iPhone
iPad
HuffPost Live iPad
Android Phone
Android Tablet










Politics


The Pulse


Stephen Harper


Parliament of Canada


Althia Raj on Facebook


UK Politics


US Politics
































Althia Raj
Become a fan
Althia.Raj@huffingtonpost.com





Email













Tories' New Election Law Changes Could Hurt Liberals, Data Suggests




        Posted: 
            12/10/2014  5:06 pm EST        


        Updated: 
            12/11/2014  6:59 pm EST        






 
In a press release, Democratic Reform Minister Pierre Poilievre said the new bill, "Citizen Voting Act," would put an end to the possibility of riding shopping by ensuring that non-residents can only receive a ballot for the Canadian address at which they last resided.  | CP 







Share






Tweet





















Email





Comment









tumblr



reddit

 























OTTAWA — The federal government is making it more difficult for Canadian expats to vote, a move that is likely to suppress Liberal party support, data compiled by the Huffington Post Canada suggest.Wednesday Democratic Reform Minister Pierre Poilievre said the new bill, the “Citizen Voting Act,” would put an end to the possibility of riding shopping by ensuring that non-residents can receive a ballot for only the Canadian address at which they last resided.Right now, Canadian citizens living abroad can choose the riding they want to vote in, within certain limits. But once that place of residence is selected, they cannot switch to a different riding in a future election.



Last May, more than a million Canadians living abroad suddenly became eligible to vote in the 2015 election after an Ontario court judge struck down a law barring those who have lived outside Canada for more than five years from voting. In a press release Wednesday, Poilievre said the bill would also apply voter identification rules to all Canadians, including non-residents, forcing them to “prove who they are, where they live.”Currently, non-residents don’t have to provide information showing an address; they need only prove that they are Canadian.The measure in effect prevents Canadian expats who have lived abroad for several years from voting. They are unlikely to have a provincial driver’s licence or other government photo ID – which typically expire after five years – or documentation, such as bills with the address of their last place of residency. “You couldn’t just use your passport [now], because it doesn’t have your address on it,” said Diane Benson, a spokeswoman for Elections Canada said Wednesday.The Citizen Voting Act also eliminates the international register of electors and stipulates that those living abroad have to register to vote — with the new identification requirements — at every single election and only after the writ is dropped. This makes it more onerous for non-residents to vote.Elections Canada currently recommends that expats sign up weeks if not months beforehand to ensure that the agency has their information and that they receive their ballots automatically when the election is called. “Apply as early as possible, to allow enough time for the ballot to be sent to you and for your marked ballot to reach Elections Canada in Ottawa no later than 6:00 p.m., Eastern Time, on election day,” one note in bold states.Shaun O’Brien, the lawyer with Cavalluzzo Shilton McIntyre Cornish who successfully challenged the five-year limit said the federal governing is circumventing the court’s decision.“It’s doing indirectly what they can’t do directly,” she said. “It’s a run-around. What they are most concerned with is having these people vote at all."

Elections Canada data from the last federal election suggest that Canadian expats, prisoners and Canadian Forces members who vote by special ballot in urban ridings, such as the Greater Toronto Area, tend to vote for the Liberal party.In 2011, the Tories won 65 per cent of the seats in the vote-rich GTA, which has more ridings than all of British Columbia. Sources say the Conservatives believe they will face stiffer competition in the 2015 election, when another 11 new ridings will be up for grabs in Toronto and its suburbs.HuffPost Canada reviewed the Elections Canada data for 43 GTA ridings from the 2011 election. In 34 ridings, Liberal candidates received the most votes from special ballots that included Canadian non-residents. However, the Liberals won only five seats among those 34 ridings. Although the number of these special ballot votes was small, the margin was significant. In Scarborough–Rouge River and Scarborough–Southwest, Liberal candidates received more than twice as many votes among  these special ballots as their closest competitor, yet came in third overall in the ridings. Because three groups of voters who use these special ballots – prisoners, expats and military members – are lumped together in the data, there is no way of knowing with certainty how out-of-country citizens vote, Elections Canada spokesman John Enright told HuffPost.In Etobicoke Centre, Conservative candidate Ted Opitz won by just 26 votes in 2011. But Liberal rival Borys Wrzesnewskyj received 67 special ballot votes from the group including expats, while Opitz received only 25. In close races, those special ballots can make or break a candidate.A large number of special ballot votes from expats could also have made a difference in other tight races during the 2011 election, such as Don Valley West, Don Valley East, Etobicoke Centre, Mississauga East–Cooksville, Scarborough–Guildwood and Willowdale.Elections Canada rules state that non-residents can designate their “place of ordinary residence”  – the riding where their vote is counted  – from a lengthy list of options: either their last residence in Canada, the Canadian residence of their spouse or common-law partner, the residence of a relative or their spouse’s relative, the residence of a parent, or the residence of someone with whom they would live if they weren’t living temporarily outside Canada In 2011, barely 6,000 votes were cast by expats. Canadian Forces personnel cast approximately 26,000 special ballot votes while almost 15,700 prisoners voted. In his May 2 ruling, Ontario superior court judge Michael Penny delivered a blistering critique of the government’s arguments. He said the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms gives every citizen of Canada the right to vote regardless of residency.Government lawyers, however, argued that the five-year non-residency rule is needed to ensure fairness for Canada’s resident voters who are more directly affected by decisions of elected representatives. They noted, according to the judge’s summary, that a single vote could decide the outcome of the race, “particularly when their votes will be most prevalent in a limited number of highly urbanized electoral districts.”The Attorney General also said the limit is needed to maintain the integrity of the voting system.  The judge, however, felt that expanding the right to vote to citizens living abroad would have a negligible impact on future elections. “In the most recent election, in the 10 Canadian ridings with the highest number of special ballots, as a percentage of total registered electors in the constituency, the non-resident votes ranged from a low of 0.05% to a high of 0.2%,” Penny stated.Looking at the numbers, he said Canadian residents might find it unfair that the outcome of their local riding “could be influenced by the votes of incarcerated electors (or those with mental disabilities for that matter).”Elections Canada had also no evidence of any documented problems associated with non-resident voting, he added. In 20 years, there had been no complaints raised about electoral abuse or about the effects of voting by any Canadian voters living abroad who were excluded from the five-year limit, Penny said.“In my view, the vague assertions of unfairness to resident voters and the speculative nature of any negative impacts cannot outweigh the substantial, deleterious impact of stripping a Canadian citizen of his or her right to vote by virtue only of crossing the five-year non-resident threshold,” he said.The federal government tried unsuccessfully to persuade the judge to stay the decision. An appeal is set for January 6 and 7, 2015. Poilievre’s spokeswoman, Gabrielle Renaud-Mattey, told HuffPost Wednesday that the government is “not abandoning the appeal.” “Our government believes non-residents should have a direct and ongoing connection to Canada and to their ridings in order to vote in federal elections.  For over two decades, Canada’s policy has limited to five years the length of time someone can be abroad and still vote.  That is fair and reasonable.

“The Citizen Voting Act does not make any substantive changes to the eligibility requirements of the Canada Elections Act that were found unconstitutional by the Ontario Superior Court of Justice,” she said.Lori Turnbull, an associate professor at Carleton University’s School of Public Policy and Administration, said she thinks the government’s argument might be more successful with the public than with the judge.“I think they could make an argument that elections are for people who live here,” she said.Turnbull said she was unaware of any academic research suggesting how non-residents vote, but she added that the Conservative party knows better than anyone else how Canadians vote.O'Brien, the lawyer, said she was a bit surprised by the government had not waited for the outcome of the appeal. “The case is about whether or not residence is important to voting,” she said. “Our response was to say it is not that critical. There are a lot of people who vote in our voting system who vote in places where they don’t live or they can chose where their vote is counted,” she said. The new rules, however, she said, would make it impossible people who are gone for any period of time to have the proper identification to vote.There has been no concerns raised about residency fraud, “this is trying to address a problem that is not there,” she said. “It’s consistent with what they did in the Fair Elections Act in terms of trying to use identification requirements…[to] make it more difficult to vote and ultimately, it does end up disenfranchising people.”If the new bill passes, O’Brien said, she may end up challenging it “because it is clearly going to be an attempt to disenfranchise the same people who have been enfranchised.”The election law was successfully challenged by two Canadians living in New York. Gillian Frank, a 34-year-old Torontonian who was living on Long Island, N.Y. while completing post-doctoral studies. Frank said he planned to return to Canada in an academic position but had been unsuccessful in his job hunt.The judge noted that Frank had tried to vote in the May 2011 election but discovered that he could not cast a ballot because he had been absent from the country for more than five years. “He felt strongly about voting in this election because he had been following Canadian politics and was concerned about a number of issues,” the judgment notes.The other applicant, Montreal-born Jamie Duong, lived in Ithaca, N.Y. Duong, the judge said, had voted in person in several federal and provincial elections but had been unable to return to Canada in 2011. Duong, who went to the United States to study at Cornell University had a job on campus but while trying to find an appropriate position in Canada.O’Brien said both were well-informed citizens with strong ties to Canada who felt passionately about being Canadian.  “They shouldn’t be treated as second-class citizens,” she said. “Being able to vote is a central component of their citizenship and identity and it’s a core democratic right, and they shouldn’t be denied that fundamental charter right.”ALSO ON HUFFPOST:






Close








				   Pierre Poilievre Through The Years				  




of




























Conservative MP Pierre Poilievre rises in the House of Commons to apologize for making an obscene gesture yesterday, in Ottawa Wednesday June 14, 2006. (CP PHOTO/Tom Hanson)




Ottawa-area Conservative MP Pierre Poilievre smiles as he talks with reporters on Parliament Hill in Ottawa Tuesday Feb. 27, 2007. Poilievre referred to "extremist elements" in the Liberal party that want to ease anti-terror laws and shut down the Air India inquiry last week.(CP PHOTO/Tom Hanson) Canada




Democratic Reform Minister Peter Van Loan (right), with Conservative MP Pierre Poilievre looking on, makes an announcement on the introduction of the Accountability with Respect to Loans legislation at the Canadian Museum of Civilization in Gatineau, Quebec across the river from Ottawa, Tuesday May 8, 2007.(CP PHOTO/Fred Chartrand) CANADA ,




Conservative MP Pierre Poilievre rises in the House of Commons to apologize for saying in a radio interview Wednesday that native people need to learn the value of hard work more than they need residential schools compensation, on Parliament Hill in Ottawa, Thursday June 12, 2008. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Tom Hanson




With copies of the Conservative accountabilty booklets, Conservative M.P. Pierre Poilievre waits for the start of the Commons House affairs committee looking into allegations of Tory election spending misconduct during the last election, on Monday Sept. 10, 2007 in Ottawa. (CP PHOTO/Fred Chartrand)




Conservative MP Pierre Poilievre speaks in the House of Commons during question period on Parliament Hill in Ottawa on Monday June 16, 2008. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Sean Kilpatrick




Pierre Poilievre, parliamentary secretary to the prime minister, leaves a news conference after speaking with the media about the gun registry in the Foyer of the House of Commons on Parliament Hill in Ottawa, Tuesday September 14, 2010. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Adrian Wyld




Conservative MP Pierre Poilievre listens to a question during a news conference in Ottawa, Friday October 15, 2010. THE CANADIAN PRESS IMAGES/Adrian Wyld




Conservative MP Pierre Poilievre poses with a bust of Sir John A. Macdonald after announcing the former Bank of Montreal building would be renamed in honour of Canada's first prime minister during a ceremony in Ottawa, Ont., Wednesday January 11, 2012. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Adrian Wyld




Conservative MP Pierre Poilievre rises during Question Period in the House of Commons on Parliament Hill in Ottawa, Tuesday February 28, 2012. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Adrian Wyld




Conservative MP Pierre Poilievre holds up copies of legislation as he responds to a question during Question Period in the House of Commons in Ottawa, Friday October 19, 2012. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Adrian Wyld




Pierre Poilievre is sworn in as the minister of state for democratic reform during a ceremony at Rideau Hall in Ottawa on Monday, July 15, 2013. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Adrian Wyld




The Honourable Pierre Poilievre, Minister of State (Democratic Reform), poses for a group photo after the swearing in of the federal cabinet at Rideau Hall in Ottawa on Monday, July 15, 2013. THE CANADIAN PRESS/ Patrick Doyle




Minister of State Pierre Poilievre stands in the House of Commons during Question Period, in Ottawa Friday, February 7, 2014. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Fred Chartrand




Minister of State (Democratic Reform) Pierre Poilievre responds to a question during question period in the House of Commons on Parliament Hill in Ottawa on Thursday, February 27, 2014. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Sean Kilpatrick



 



 



"The Fair Elections Act will ensure everyday citizens are in charge of democracy, by putting special interests on the sidelines and rule-breakers out of business," says Democratic Reform Minister Pierre Poilievre.

Read more about the Fair Elections Act here.





The legislation proposes a mandatory public registry for mass automated election calls, jail time for those convicted of impersonating an elections official, and "increased penalties for deceiving people out of their votes."



In the interest of cracking down on voter fraud, the bill would prohibit the practice whereby one Canadian vouches for another's identity at a polling station. 

In fact, voter information cards will no longer be accepted as proof of identity.

But the government says voters will still have 39 forms of authorized ID to choose from in order to prove their identity and residence.




The Commissioner of Canada Elections office, responsible for enforcing the elections law, will be moved under the mantle of the public prosecutor's office, not Elections Canada.

Conservatives believe this will give the commissioner more independence as the Chief Electoral Officer will no longer be able to direct him to carry out 
investigations.

In future, the commissioner would be appointed by the director of public prosecutions to a non-renewable, seven-year term.

The legislation also bars former political candidates, political party employees, ministerial or MP staffers or employees of Elections Canada from being named commissioner.

Tories believe the legislation will give the commissioner "sharper teeth" and a "longer reach" to seek out stronger penalties for offences.



The ceiling for individual political donations would be raised to $1,500 from $1,200 and party spending limits would be increased by five per cent. 

Union and corporate donations are still banned, though.




A long-standing ban on the premature transmission of election results will be lifted, meaning voters in Western Canada will get to know how things are shaping up out East before heading to the polls.

Broadcasters can share results from Eastern Canada on election night, even if the polls aren't closed in the West. 

The government believes this change will uphold free speech.



The legislation would raise the amount candidates can contribute to their own campaigns to $5,000.

Leadership contestants will be allowed to give their own campaign up to $25,000.




 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 









 Share


 Tweet








✖











Advertisement























Share this
✖ close



 Current Slide			




 Like Us On Facebook 




Earlier on HuffPost:

 




More:


Pierre Poilievre


Citizen Voting Act


Pierre Poilievre Citizen Voting Act


Fair Elections Act, Bill C 23


Pierre Poilievre Democratic Reform


Pierre Poilievre Liberals


Federal Election 2015


Election Laws Liberals


Citizen Voting Act Conservatives





Suggest a correction
















Around the Web
 Stephen Harper does U-turn on election law gagging advocacy groups Michael Den Tandt: Conservative election strategy is to hand over money, await ... 




 


Click here to view Conversations


Conversations























FOLLOW HUFFPOST


Email



Email Address



Please check the checkbox to indicate your consent

Options


HuffPost Daily Brief



Politics




                                        Get top stories and blog posts emailed to me each day..
                                      




Facebook



HuffPost



 
Politics

 





Twitter




HuffPost

Follow


Politics

Follow





Google Plus



HuffPost



Politics








RSS



The Huffington Post


Politics


All RSS / Feeds





Phone



Available on the App Store


Android App on Google Play


Get it at Blackberry App World







Suggested For You




































Search The Huffington Post
Enter Search Terms

Submit Search









advertise


log in


make HuffPost your home page


RSS


careers


FAQ




user agreement


privacy policy


comment policy


about us


about our ads


contact us




Copyright ©2015 TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc.
"The Huffington Post" is a registered trademark of TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. All rights reserved.

Part of HuffPost Politics












 











Use this form to alert a HuffPost editor about a factual or typographical error in this story.
Notify message
* Required



*

*







* What kind of error is this?

Choose an option
Factual or typographical
Comment moderation problem
Rights and permissions
Other






* What is the correction?
0 count

Describe the error here (1,000 character limit)






* Type the words below so we know you are not a cyborg                        







Sign me up for The Huffington Post's Daily Brief











Thanks for your report!

















 
 

