Romney , The GOP And A Failed Strategy . Romney , The GOP And A Failed Strategy .



HubPagesexploresign injoin nowhelp 






report

Explore»Politics and Social Issues (12,881)

Romney , The GOP And A Failed Strategy .By mio cid 

 
At the end of the day,logic prevailed.There are many reasons why Romney and the GOP lost the 2012 election.Some are recent mistakes by the party and its candidate ,some were forged in the republican primaries , some date back to the Obama Inauguration,or as the emperor Limbaugh likes to call it Obama's Immaculation,and some of the reasons can be attributed to the" FANTASTIC FOUR" Limbaugh,Hannity,Luntz,and Morris.There are also reasons why Obama and the democrats Won the election .His handling of the superstorm Sandy october surprise,The Chris Christie effect,His successful Jigsaw puzzle strategy from early on in the campaign.Keeping Axelrod as his main man,who now has proven to be the Democratic Rove,and most importantly reaching out , asking for and getting the help of THE BIG DOG,Bill Clinton,who is undoubtedly the dirtiest player in the game,the greatest politician alive, and the most loved on the planet.
 

See all 3 photos
 
 

See all 3 photos
 
President Obama achieved an almost impossible victory.Romney and the GOP lost an election they should have easily won.The Obama team did almost everything right in order to win an election that according to most experts was going to go the republican way unless the republicans blew it, and that ....they did,they blew it big time.Let's take a look at the world in which these elections took place;The unemployment rate has been over 8 percent for years now,the economic growth has been sluggish at best,the real estate market has only very recently hit bottom and started to inch up timidly,our credit rating as a country was down graded for the first time in history,the deficit ,no matter how you slice it is unsustainable,in other words the macro economic state of the country has been for a long period of time anemic.What the Obama team did was an example of how campaigns should be run and will go down in history as one of the greatest political campaigns in the history of US elections.First of all it took not only intelligence and planning but years of hard work.Actually the Obama team never stopped campaigning since the victory in 2008. They developed a Jigsaw puzzle strategy and pursued it all the way to the end.They also relied on stability ,stay the course,and standing by a set of core principles that were for better or worse the backbone of the president and his campaign as well as the Democratic Party's .But if we look at it objectively this would not in normal circumstances enough to win him reelection according to the political and economic factors we mentioned the country was in,so just as important as what the Obama team did right was all the republicans and Mitt Romney did wrong. 

See all 3 photos
 
The weakest field of candidates in decades.The republican field of candidates was the weakest it has been in decades,with candidates that not only were extremely right wingers for the most part but forced candidates that may have been acceptable and electable in a national election to move so far to the right that the whole party became seen as a party of extremists rather than a viable alternative to the governing party.The exception to this was Jon Huntsman ,who due to the internal situation of the GOP being subject to the choke hold of the tea party and the right wing nut talking heads never had a real chance of becoming the nominee and his campaign never left the ground floor ,and Mitch Daniels who decided he didn't want to be put through the meat grinder by Rush Limbaugh and ended his campaign before it started.In contrast to Obama's jigsaw strategy,Mitt Romney and the GOP decided to remind vast sectors of the american population why they shouldn't vote for the republican candidate.Obvious examples of this is the now infamous Self Deportation policy he would implement in case of being elected,we, the hispanic voters knew all along that this view would drive the hispanic voters as far away as they could from such candidate and party, but Romney bought the opinion of the talking heads hook,line,and sinker ,according to their logic and their skewed and erroneous polling immigration reform was not the priority issue for the hispanic voters,and that may have been true,but what they failed to see is that as I wrote in previous hubs and told anyone who wanted to listen is that almost every hispanic voter in this country has a family member, or a close friend or they themselves as in my case have been illegal at some point in time and they know first hand the reality of being illegal in this country , and to us a policy of either put them all in a boat and ship them out or ,we'll make their life so miserable they will self deport was not a policy that would be morally acceptable to us.So it is no wonder that  the hispanic vote has left the Republican party in the same way that the black vote has been doing for decades  leaving the party with  complete absence of minority support.





 Last updated on February 14, 2015You can help the HubPages community highlight top quality content by ranking this article up or down.Useful {3} • Funny  • Awesome  • Beautiful  • Interesting {4} Follow (5)Comments 13 commentsmio cid 17 months ago  from Uruguay Hub Author thanks for the visit and the comment C2. to be honest although i'm a proud wetback I've lived half of my life in Uruguay and half in New Jersey,where I went to elementary  school and i've alternated between the two countries, the first time i came to the US was in 1972 and now i've been here since 1998.thanks for the comment i will surely check out your hub thanks.Credence2 17 months ago  from Florida (Space Coast) Level 1 Commenter mio cid, not a bad assessment from one living in Uraguay. Yes Sir, that Big Dog came out on the night of the Democratic National Convention and made a speech better than Lincoln. Once I heard it, I knew that Romney was through. The GOP was nursing this insane illusion that the polls were going to give them victory up to the very last day, when, actually,  it was clear over the last week or two that Romney was in trouble. I think that I wrote a pretty good post-mortem for the Republicans, check it out sometime. I am most impressed with your bilingual skills. We are moving to Panama in a couple of months and hope that in a year or two we can move just as easily between English and Spanish as well as you have.mio cid 2 years ago  from Uruguay Hub Author no hub of mine is complete until you stop by, and I thank you for that,as we now know I was right, and I have to finish this hub hope you are well.izettl 2 years ago  from The Great Northwest Level 1 Commenter This isn't a very long hub- good thing you didn't spend too much time on it cause if you're wrong, you would be wasting your time with this forecast. Hey I have to give you a hard time. As the election has progressed,  I have become more in favor of Romney. We both have to admit that both candidates could have done a lot better. Although Obama probable couldn't possibly have spent more time campaigning- it's what he does best? Boils down to Romney being a businessman who will turn the financial misfortune of our country around. Stranger things have happened. We will soon see my friend.mio cid 2 years ago  from Uruguay Hub Author Hey F.always good to hear from you,i know it looks like i'm going out on a limb here,but in the words of a certain reelected president  "I got this"FitnezzJim 2 years ago  from Fredericksburg, Virginia Level 4 Commenter This is an interesting forecast MioCid.Presentience is a gift from God.  Lacking that, ancient wisdom might be recast to say "Counting votes before they are cast is about as silly as counting chickens before they hatch."mio cid 2 years ago  from Uruguay Hub Author thank you,you are right we will officially know in two days,although i believe the writing is on the wall ,mainly how they are already starting to blame sandy for romney's loss.mio cid 2 years ago  from Uruguay Hub Author Thanks for stopping by,the states that romney needs to make it happen are out of reach for him,mainly ohio ,wisconsin,and iowa.Pennsylvania is just a way for the romney camp to try to   prolong   a sense the path to 270 is expanding for him when in reality he only has one path to 270.HLPhoenix 2 years ago   While I am  not one for Supernatural help myself... at this moment just a few days from the election something my mother used to say popped into my head while reading your Hub... from your mouth to God's ears.I know this is a work in progress and I hope to see more of it BEFORE the election... so far I follow your analysis and know that you can elucidate the reason's that your prediction should/will come true. Really good Hub so far.  Voted up, up, up and sharing.Michele Travis 2 years ago  from U.S.A.   Ohio Interesting hub.  Only 3 more days until we find out what is going to happen.Voted up.mio cid 2 years ago  from Uruguay Hub Author This hub is a work in progress.mio cid 2 years ago  from Uruguay Hub Author Thanks for stopping by and voting up.What I'm doing here is  trying to explain the many reasons why president obama was reelected and why romney and the gop lost the election,it is not finished, i'm still working on it ,but I wanted to get it out there early on.Ericdierker 2 years ago  from Spring Valley, CA. U.S.A. Level 7 Commenter I voted up and Interesting and useful. But I am still trying to figure out why. I god all your stuff in this short piece but What Is Your Point?Sign in or sign up and post using a HubPages account.8192 characters left.Post CommentNo HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinked. Comments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sites. working



 mio cid, HubPages AuthorFebruary 14, 2015


More by mio cidLatinos,Hispanics,Where Do They Come From?Latinos,what does it even mean?italiansLatinos,where did these people come from? Where did this term originate?in what year do we hear first.latins ,Italy







Click to Rate This ArticleHow good is this article?

Please rate this article using the scale below. The scale is from 1 to 10, where 10 is the best and 1 is the worst.


Your Rating: ?

submit

HubPagesabout ushelpbloglink to this pagecopyrightdirectoryCopyright © 2015 HubPages Inc. and respective owners.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.HubPages® is a registered Service Mark of HubPages, Inc.HubPages and Hubbers (authors) may earn revenue on this page based on affiliate relationships and advertisements with partners including Amazon, eBay, Google, and others.terms of use privacy policy (0.49 sec)  working





