ABSENCE OF POST-ELECTION VIOLENCE, AND PEACE WITHOUT JUSTICE | Chris BAMIDELE 

ABSENCE OF POST-ELECTION VIOLENCE, AND PEACE WITHOUT JUSTICE | Chris BAMIDELE





Chris BAMIDELE
Scattered Thoughts, Opinions and African Stories.





Menu
Skip to content
Home
ABOUT ME
RANDOM MUSING
LIKE A DREAM
POLITICS
PLACES IN MY DREAMS
INSPIRATIONAL
 




ABSENCE OF POST-ELECTION VIOLENCE, AND PEACE WITHOUT JUSTICE
Dec23



I have listened and read the opinions of many Nigerians both online and offline especially as we approach the next general elections and it is interesting to know that more than before, more Nigerians are ready to take part in the 2015 elections.
In the contemporary world of today, elections have become the most accepted means of changing the government. And whether we like to admit it or not, Nigeria is at a point where we need to make a collective decision of changing the present government or re-electing it to continue with whatever it is doing. Truth is, Nigeria is bad enough as it is, you don’t have to agree with me. But how we will fare in the next four years will be determined by how wise/foolish we use our ballots come February 2014.
In Nigeria and in so many countries in Africa, elected office is a monopoly of the rich, powerful or famous; the masses only play the role of docile participants for the exercise of political power, position and influence. In other words, elections merely enable the oppressed masses to elect their oppressors every four or five years. So, the only joy the masses derive is to see their standing and waiting endlessly under the harsh weather on Election Day not taken for granted. If the election will be rigged eventually and the people’s wish will not be respected, there is actually no need to call them out for elections. When election is NOT free and fair, the masses will feel alienated from the political process and once they entertain a sense of being short-changed or taken advantage of, the consequences could be calamitous. This is why post-election violence is gaining grounds in Nigeria – elections are always rigged.
I will never support violence in any form and I condemn it in its entirety, but sadly it is in our world and currently lives with us. Some people or a group of people are just violent by nature, no matter what you do to them, no matter how you do it, the only thing that works for them is violence. Boko Haram, ISIS and all other dangerous groups will still be violent even if all their ‘demands’ are met; the best bet for the world is to fight this kind of groups to submission or to oblivion.
But, what I am talking about here is post-election violence. It is not a new thing in Nigeria, so propagandist and people who were born yesterday and always want to associate post-election violence to one candidate or a party should take note. For example, the violent protest (Operation Wetie) that took place in Ibadan when the people deemed 1964/1965 general elections as fraudulent led to the beginning of the end the First Republic in 1966. Am I justifying violence? No, I am not. But even the meekest of men will raise his voice when faced with injustice. Late Nelson Mandela who some people would love to compare out present President with had this to say at the opening of his defense in the Rivona treason trial in 1964. “I and some colleagues came to the conclusion that as violence in this country was inevitable; it would be wrong and unrealistic for African leaders to continue preaching peace and non-violence at a time when the government met our peaceful demands with force. It was only when all else had failed, when all channels of peaceful protest had been barred to us, that the decision was made to embark on violent forms of political struggle.”
Like I said, I am not justifying violence, but how do we treat issues in Nigeria? We all marched to Ojota and occupied it for days protesting the removal of fuel subsidy. We were hoping something would be done, subsidy thieves will be exposed, tried and jailed, instead the government of President Jonathan rolled out tanks and guns against us and it worked; while the thieves and criminals siphoning our money are now receiving National awards. But this is not the talking point today.
History has shown that it is usually difficult to hold elections that are totally free and fair. But the importance of a good electoral act cannot be underestimated. We must keep trying to get it right until we get it right. 1993 general elections were peaceful and largely free and fair; the results were glaring for everyone to see. I do not know if it was because of the Option A4 system that was used but irregularities if any, were easy to discover right at the polling booth since you would have to line up behind the poster of the candidate you were voting for, get counted, before you go in to thumbprint your ballot. But as Nigerians, we have discarded something that worked for us and decided to continuously use the one that is never going to work.
So, I am of the opinion that if after declaring results in each polling booth, same results are collated at the ward level and announced to the people from the ward, to state, and the federal level, the general population will feel carried along especially at the grassroots and the general results will not be contested as much.
Another thing is the impartiality of the electoral body and monitoring bodies. A sitting President cannot unilaterally choose the umpire in the same election he is a contestant and one would be assured of a free and fair election, it is never done anywhere. While the election might appear to be FREE, it will never be FAIR. Most of us would have stopped watching football long time ago if the coach of one of the competing teams is given the right to pick the referee and the assistants. A sitting President who is also a candidate cannot be using the police and the army to intimidate the opposition on Election Day and you say that same election is FAIR. Because all of us including the opposition pay the police and therefore their main job on Election Day must be to protect the voters irrespective of the candidate they are voting for.
Lastly, let me come to the victims of post-election violence. Most times, victims of violence would believe that if an appropriate authority will not seek justice on their behalf, they can help themselves. And then, further hostilities and bloodshed are bred. A group of young people who are probably high some illegal substance can just go to town, chanting the name of any candidate, kill and main people, destroy businesses and properties, and nothing will happen to them. Instead, the ruling party and the sitting president will simply issue statements condemning the act, and calling on private citizens to appeal to the criminals killing people, end of story!
No one person has been prosecuted for 2011 post-election violence because some people are deemed ‘untouchables’ and you think it is going to stop by making docile speeches and quotes calling for peace? We must be joking as a people. Asari Dokubo calls for war regularly, threatens violence and terror if the sitting President loses election, Tompolo is buying warship and no one is even looking their way since they are supporting the sitting President. Yet, we will go to town praying and wishing for a peaceful election, same election you are planning to rig; I am sorry, we are not serious yet. When we are serious, we will do everything to prevent post-election violence and we will give justice to the victims of past violence, because justice delayed is justice denied. And in the absence of JUSTICE, we cannot wish or pray for PEACE.
Photo Credit : Google


About these ads




Rate this:Share this:TwitterFacebookLinkedInEmailGoogleTumblrPrintLike this:Like Loading...

Related
 

		This entry was posted on December 23, 2014, in POLITICS and tagged Asari Dokubo, Election, Justice, Peace, Violence. Bookmark the permalink.					Leave a comment



Post navigation
← TURNING POTENTIAL INTO REAL SUCCESS 9 SAFETY AND SECURITY TIPS FOR THE HOLIDAY SEASON →



Leave a Reply Cancel reply




Enter your comment here...




Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in:





























 
 


Email (Address never made public)



Name



Website














 You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change )












 You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change )












 You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change )












 You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change )




Cancel
Connecting to %s




 Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email.







 










Search for:



 

Home
ABOUT ME
RANDOM MUSING
LIKE A DREAM
POLITICS
PLACES IN MY DREAMS
INSPIRATIONAL
ARCHIVES 
Select Month
 February 2015  (1)
 January 2015  (2)
 December 2014  (3)
 October 2014  (3)
 September 2014  (7)
 August 2014  (23)
 July 2014  (23)
 June 2014  (7)
 May 2014  (6)
 April 2014  (6)
 March 2014  (6)
 February 2014  (3)
 January 2014  (5)
 November 2013  (5)
 September 2013  (1)
 August 2013  (1)
 July 2013  (1)
 April 2013  (4)
 March 2013  (3)

CHRIS BAMIDELE BLOG HITS 
18,354 HITS

FOLLOW DEGREATEST2 VIA E-MAIL

Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.
Join 1,979 other followers







 


DON’T COPY 
COPYRIGHT LICENCE This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs 3.0 United States License.


About MeBAMIDELE OYEYEMIPassionately Me; UNapologetically NigerianCATEGORIES 
INSPIRATIONAL (20)

LIKE A DREAM (10)

PLACES IN MY DREAMS (4)

POLITICS (12)

RANDOM MUSING (66)

RELATIONSHIP (38)

Uncategorized (4)
	
LUST. LOST. LOVE (2)





WEDDING BLUES (8)


THE DIASPORA 


December 2014


M
T
W
T
F
S
S




« Oct
 
Jan »



1234567


891011121314


15161718192021


22232425262728


293031
 


Top Posts & PagesABSENCE OF POST-ELECTION VIOLENCE, AND PEACE WITHOUT JUSTICE
AS YOU APPROACH THE ONE YEAR MARK IN YOUR RELATIONSHIP
MY BLESSONS OF 2014
MARTYRS OF THE KINGDOM OR VICTIMS OF RECKLESSNESS?
Contact Chris Bamidele 


Lagos, Nigeria234-7031917989, 08026249600LIKE ME ON FACEBOOKTwitter TimelineMy TweetsComments 
Bamidele on 3 YEAR OLD LENDS HER VOICE IN…IFY on 3 YEAR OLD LENDS HER VOICE IN…IFY on 3 YEAR OLD LENDS HER VOICE IN… 
My CommunityBlogs I FollowMY NETWORK 






Blog at WordPress.com.
			 | 
The Bouquet Theme.		



jaynesletterboxtheinkheartblogletting the ink tell the tales conceived in my mind.........Mata PoshAll Of Me; Things in my head...A writing nomadlet's take a roller coaster of imaginationsGood Time StoriesInspiring and Heartwarming StoriesSEA PUBLICATIONMOTIVATION, SUCCESS, RELATIONSHIPS, PERSONAL DEVELOPMENT,  CHRISTAINITY VALUESTheEllaEmmaThe Peregrine Reads'funkedurojaiyeMy personal space where thoughts are embedded in words; Christ, Love, Life and more...The Honest CourtesanFrank commentary from a retired call girlElsieisy's blogYetunde Olasiyan's BlogEveryday Living, Relationships and Poetic LinesCEEBEE MULTIMEDIAMedia, Photography, Printing, Events... Ayo SogunroWriter | Teacher | LawyerAreurmikun's BlogImaginations can be real if you see it through my eyesaleziie's BlogA topnotch WordPress.com siteshughar's BlogSweetness personified :)Akohindey  SPEAKSAN OPEN MINDtlsplaceA Beautiful MindEse WalterLearning to live my authentic life... 



















































































































































































































































































Follow

Follow “Chris BAMIDELE”

Get every new post delivered to your Inbox.

Join 1,979 other followers








Build a website with WordPress.com









Send to Email Address

Your Name

Your Email Address




Cancel

				Post was not sent - check your email addresses!			

				Email check failed, please try again			

				Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.			





%d bloggers like this:










 





