Bloomberg Politics Poll Finds Most Americans See Race Relations Worsening Since Obama's Election - Bloomberg Politics 
Bloomberg Politics Poll Finds Most Americans See Race Relations Worsening Since Obama's Election - Bloomberg Politics



Bloomberg the Company Bloomberg
                Anywhere Login



Bloomberg
 Connecting decision
                            makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and
                            accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the
                            world. 

Company

About
Careers
Contacts
Diversity & Inclusion
Philanthropy
Regional Sites
Sustainability


Financial Products

Bloomberg Professional
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Bloomberg Institute
Bloomberg Labs

Service Center


Enterprise Products

Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Bloomberg Vault


Media

Bloomberg Business
Bloomberg Politics
Bloomberg View
Bloomberg Content Service
Bloomberg Live
Bloomberg Media
Mobile Apps


Customer Support

Americas
+1 212 318 2000
Europe, Middle East,
                                & Africa
+44 20 7330 7500
Asia Pacific
+65 6212 1000


Follow Us

 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 


Industry Products

Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg
                                Law/BNA
Bloomberg New Energy Finance



















Monday-Thursday, 5 PM ET

Hosted by Mark Halperin and John Heilemann
Watch latest episode





        Curiosity Index
    



                    Taylor Swift
                



                    Wonks
                



                    "American Sniper"
                



                    Alger Hiss
                



                    DVF
                



                    Joe Six-Pack
                










                    Find Bloomberg TV
                



                    Privacy Policy
                



                    Terms and Conditions
                





















        Curiosity Index
    



                    Taylor Swift
                



                    Wonks
                



                    "American Sniper"
                



                    Alger Hiss
                



                    DVF
                



                    Joe Six-Pack
                






Now Reading: 




























        Curiosity Index
    



                    Taylor Swift
                



                    Wonks
                



                    "American Sniper"
                



                    Alger Hiss
                



                    DVF
                



                    Joe Six-Pack
                











                Watch Here Anytime
            


            Heilemann & Halperin
        

            Live Weeknights at 5 PM ET
        




Follow us:

                    Facebook
                

                    Twitter
                

                    Instagram
                

                    Youtube
                

                    RSS
                










3
2





                        Reminder: Don't Bring Your Weed to the Washington Monument
                    



                        Why Tim Kaine's Decision to Skip Netanyahu's Speech Could Resonate for Years
                    



                        Progressives Celebrate Rahm Emanuel's Surprise Setback in Chicago
                    



                        Report: State Department Ethics Reviews Gave Bill Clinton Frequent Green Lights
                    



                        Texas Governor: 'American Sniper' Verdict is 'Justice!'
                    



                        Scott Walker Leads Republican Pack in Iowa: Poll
                    



                        Does the Supreme Court Care That Americans Support Gay Marriage?
                    



                        Hillary Clinton Is Finally Ready To Run As a Feminist
                    



                        Marco Rubio Plays Foreign-Policy Hand in New Hampshire
                    



                        Elizabeth Warren Starts a New Project, But Few Take Notice
                    



                        Hillary Clinton Explains How She'll 'Crack Every Last Glass Ceiling' in 2016
                    



                        'Fifty Shades of Grey' Gets Its Day in Court, and Not in a Good Way
                    










Mladen Antonov/AFP/Getty Images




Bloomberg Politics Poll

            Most Americans See Race Relations Worsening Since Obama's Election
        


                Dec 7, 2014 11:00 AM EST
            



                    A new Bloomberg Politics poll shows deep divisions over the outcomes of police shootings of unarmed black men.
               










 







                Julie Bykowicz
            


t
                bykowicz
            







President Barack Obama had hoped his historic election would ease race relations, yet a majority of Americans, 53 percent, say the interactions between the white and black communities have deteriorated since he took office, according to a new Bloomberg Politics poll. Those divisions are laid bare in the split reactions to the decisions by two grand juries not to indict white police officers who killed unarmed black men in Ferguson, Mo., and Staten Island, N.Y.
Both times, protesters responded with outrage and politicians called for federal investigations. Yet Americans don’t think of the cases as a matched set of injustices, the poll found. A majority agreed with the Ferguson decision, while most objected to the conclusion in the Staten Island death, which was captured on video. The divergent opinions—52 percent agreed on Ferguson compared with 25 percent who approved of the Staten Island outcome—add to an ongoing discussion that was inflamed when Officer Daniel Pantaleo was seen in the July video putting what appeared to be a chokehold on Eric Garner, a 43-year-old man suspected of selling untaxed cigarettes. Garner could be heard saying, “I can’t breathe,” and died of a heart attack in what a medical examiner ruled a homicide. The grand jury decision not to charge Pantaleo came just 12 days after a similar panel in Ferguson declined to charge Officer Darren Wilson, who in August shot to death 18-year-old Michael Brown. That altercation was not captured on video, and the prosecutor presented evidence of a physical confrontation between the two men before the fatal shots were fired. 



 




To Dania Wilson, 49, a Northern Virginia white woman, the cases shouldn’t be lumped together. “I think sometimes the media likes to put upon people a theme that’s political in nature,” she said in an interview.










Are Race Relations Worse Under Obama?


 
The Bloomberg survey shows a gulf between how whites and blacks view the incidents. Ninety percent of African Americans thought the grand jury should have indicted in the Staten Island death. Just over half of the white people polled felt that way. On Ferguson, 89 percent of blacks disagreed with the grand jury, while just 25 percent of whites did. The smaller sample size of black adults changes the margin of error of their response on the grand jury questions to plus or minus 6.5 percentage points.



 


“I am going to trust our grand juries until there’s proof that they’re not being honest,” said Dale Griessel, 80, a white retiree in Columbia, Mo., who agrees with both jury decisions. “None of us has seen the forensic evidence. They have.”
Delarno Wilson, 28, a black Georgia resident who objects to both jury outcomes, said he wasn’t surprised that there is division based on race. “Your background is what makes you,” he said. “If you don’t understand the struggle that a person went through, you never truly get it.” Wilson is in the U.S. Coast Guard and said many of his assignments are in overwhelmingly white towns. “I constantly have to worry about how to relate to people. That’s something white people don’t have to think about.”
The poll of 1,001 U.S. adults was conducted Dec. 3-5 by Selzer & Company of Des Moines, Iowa, and the poll for the full sample has a margin of error of plus or minus 3.1 percentage points.
In the six years since his election as the nation’s first black president, Obama has addressed race just a handful of times. He delivered his most personal remarks after an unarmed 17-year-old boy was gunned down in Florida by a man who found him to be suspicious, and then again when that man, George Zimmerman, was acquitted of any crime. “You know, when Trayvon Martin was first shot, I said that this could have been my son. Another way of saying that is, Trayvon Martin could have been me 35 years ago.”










John Heilemann: Americans Are Wrong About Race


Obama has also weighed in on the deaths of both Brown and Garner. And the Justice Department is reviewing the two incidents, as well. Yet Obama has not gone to Missouri or New York. To Griessel, that’s a problem. “He should have gone to Ferguson and very bluntly said, ‘I don’t want any violence here. Let’s show people that we can accept verdicts we don’t like,’” he said. “The destruction just makes people more prejudice than they already are.”
Obama also nodded to the symbolic power of his rise to the presidency in the opening line of his victory speech on Nov. 4, 2008. “If there is anyone out there who still doubts that America is a place where all things are possible, who still wonders if the dream of our founders is alive in our time, who still questions the power of democracy, tonight is your answer.”
Elizabeth White, an African American Democrat, remembered vividly that speech and the elation she felt. “I was thinking of the Negro National Anthem, that line 'Stony the road we trod, bitter the chastening rod,' and thinking, 'suddenly I can see the light at the end of the tunnel.'”
“Now I wonder, were people looking for a real change, or was the change that was coming a bit too much to take?” the Maryland school principal asked. “Was it too bold, too radical for the time?”
Read the full poll questions and methodology here.
Michael C. Bender contributed to this report. 
MORE FROM THE BLOOMBERG POLITICS POLL
— Perceptions Blur Reality When It Comes to Obama's Key Issues 
— Approval Ratings Hit 5-Year High for GOP 
— Clinton Trumps Republican Rivals on Leadership, Vision for 2016





Bloomberg Politics Poll
Staten Island













Trademarks
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Careers
Made in NYC
Find Bloomberg TV
Contact
Ad Choices 

©2015 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved








Please upgrade your Browser
Your browser is out-of-date. Please download one of these excellent browsers:
Chrome,
                Firefox,
                Safari,
                Opera or
                Internet Explorer.
            







