A Green Party MP for Christchurch,  a Community project  from Christchurch, United Kingdom Crowdfunding on Crowdfunder.co.uk 
A Green Party MP for Christchurch,  a Community project  from Christchurch, United Kingdom Crowdfunding on Crowdfunder.co.uk























<
>













search












Sign-up Login
Add your project
Find a project
About
Guides
Champions
Campaigns

















 Add your project
 Find a project




About
Champions
Guides
Campaigns






                  Not a Crowdfunder yet? Sign up 
                  or   Login


















supported by: 

              This project is part of:
Green Party
See all projects >










A Green Party MP for Christchurch

A              Politics project                Christchurch, United Kingdom               by
              sedgp










Project home


Updates 1

Comments  4

Backers


Message project















 SHARE


 TWEET


 MORE SHARING OPTIONS


</> EMBED ON YOUR WEBSITE





Overfunding
We would like your help to raise a further £800 to produce a leaflet to go every home in the constituency.
All funds raised above the initial £500 now pledged will go to this Crowdfunder for a Green MP for Christchurch. 

To give Green Party supporters the chance to vote for what they believe in, by enabling us to stand a candidate in the General Election.
 Read More


Britain's political landscape is changing. 2014 saw the first Green MEP elected in the South West; the Green Party polling ahead of the Lib Dems nationally; and a Green MP named MP of the Year.
The next General Election takes place in May 2015 and, as tribal loyalties to the old parties continue to break down, increasing numbers of voters are turning to the Green Party.
Many people are discovering the Green Party is a close match for them in terms of values and the policies that flow from them.
As you're looking here, you may already know that's the case for you. If not, you can find a summary of our policies – such as renationalising the railways – in our mini manifesto or read about them in-depth on our policy website.
Indeed, out of nearly half a million blind tests on the independent Vote for Policies website – which matches voters with the policies that appeal to them most – Green Party policies are the most popular match. 
Last year, voters in Christchurch contributed to the election of the first Green MEP for the South West, Molly Scott Cato, in the European elections, when the Green Party outpolled the Lib Dems across the whole South West region. 
You can find out more about Molly's work here. Meanwhile in Westminster, Caroline Lucas, Green MP for Brighton Pavilion, has been voted MP of the Year for 2014, and locally Green Party membership more than trebled last year.
For the Green Party to continue its rapid growth, it is crucial people have Green Party candidates to vote for at elections and that the Green Party’s distinctive voice and policies be heard.
This is where we need your help. It costs money to field candidates in a General Election. A £500 deposit is required and we also wish to raise £800 to produce a leaflet to go every home in the constituency. Any funds contributed in excess of £1,300 will be used to fund additional local campaigning.
We would love you to join our Crowdfunding campaign helping to fund the first ever Green Party candidate for the Christchurch constituency and a strong campaign. Please donate, share, join and volunteer in the campaign if you can.
Thank you!
www.greenparty.org.uk
southeastdorset.greenparty.org.uk 




REPORT THIS PROJECT


Send message







        Successfully overfunded on Feb 5, 2015      



£557          
RAISED OF £500 TARGET



From 19 Backers


In 28 Days






This project will only be funded if at least £500 is pledged by 5th February 2015.









Project by
sedgp            >


Facebook: christchurchgreenparty



Project updates (1) >

Project comments  (4) >

Backers >






 SHARE


 TWEET


 EMAIL






PLEDGE £5               OR MORE                   3                backers so far
A thank you shout out on Twitter

                Estimated delivery: January 2015              



PLEDGE £10               OR MORE                   7                backers so far
A Vote Green poster (Come and find us on the campaign trail and get your reward)

                Estimated delivery: January 2015              



PLEDGE £25               OR MORE                   4                backers so far
A Green Party badge, a Vote Green poster and a thank you shout out on Twitter

                Estimated delivery: January 2015              



PLEDGE £50               OR MORE                   3                backers so far
Free entry to our Fundraiser event at Chaplin's Bar in Boscombe, a Green Party badge, a Vote Green poster and a thank you shout out on Twitter

                Estimated delivery: January 2015              



PLEDGE £100               OR MORE                   2                backers so far
An invitation to our post election celebration party, free entry to our Fundraiser event at Chaplin's Bar in Boscombe, a Green Party badge, a Vote Green poster and a thank you shout out on Twitter

                Estimated delivery: January 2015              



PLEDGE £250               OR MORE                   0                backers so far
All of the above and a meet & greet with your constituency candidate.

                Estimated delivery: January 2015              





Owner







 sedgp      
         UK
 Send message
        


Facebook: christchurchgreenparty





















Categories
Community 
Business 
Environment 
Arts 
Politics 
Publishing 
Music 
Film and Theatre 
Food and Drink 
Sports 
Schools 


Hints and tips
How crowdfunding works
Creating a project
Supporting a project
Guidelines
Our fees


About us
Crowdfunder API - Beta 
About 
Guides 
Blog 
Contact 
Jobs
Partners







 
 
 
 




                Payments provided by:
              










 Guides
Contact
Tool Kit
Campaigns
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
© Crowdfunder.co.uk 2015

Crowdfunder.co.uk is owned by KEO PF.it Limited. Its company number is 07831511. KEO PF.it Limited is registered as a company in England and Wales.





 
 
 
 



Proudly working with:




































Back to Top










