Primate Ayodele Says He Knows Who will Win Next Year’s Election | 9jastreet.com 
Primate Ayodele Says He Knows Who will Win Next Year’s Election | 9jastreet.com






9jastreet.com
Keeping you inline with the world of entertainment








Home
Music
Video
Gist
International
Comedy
Gospel
About Us
Contact Us
 



Primate Ayodele Says He Knows Who will Win Next Year’s Election
Posted on January 6, 2015 by Adebayo in Gist, Gospel, Politics  //  0 Comments

 



 



Speaking with Tribune on Saturday, January 3, 2014, Primate Ayodele, who is renowned for the accuracy of his prophecies, including his prophecy on the election of Ayo Fayose as the governor of Ekiti State and the recent leadership crisis in the Central Bank of Nigeria, has revealed that incumbent will retain power in 2015 election.
According to Ayodele’s prophecies;
“2015 elections will hold but will be peaceful in some areas and not in other areas. As it is, from what I see at the moment, PDP will win, amidst serious criticism.” He stated.
Speaking on the consideration of popular speculations that the All Progressive Party,APC will clinch the presidential ticket, Primate Ayodele responded;
“APC and PDP will share the North; PDP will win a state in the South-West, the East and the South-South but the core North will be a bit difficult for the PDP to win. However, when Jonathan gets a second term, I don’t see peace; except the president obeys the word of God. I don’t see the APC winning the presidential election. Even if Buhari wins, he can’t put an end to insurgency, nor can he fight corruption. His will be worse than Jonathan.” He stated
Ayodele also made other predictions on sensitive issues that affect the country such as the economic situation, the entertainment and media, security, the aviation sector, telecommunications, agriculture, electricity, health, religion, education,, oil and gas, judiciary and foreign policy.
Source: Vitalgist.com
http://www.vitalgist.com/primate-ayodele-says-he-knows-who-will-win-next-years-election/



 






← Previous article

Next article →


Leave a comment Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Name *
Email *
Website
Comment 




 



Need to Contact Us? You can call/whatsapp us on +2348031918390 or add up on BBM pin:2AE0930C. You can also follow us on twitter @9jastreet or facebook, www.facebook.com/9jastreetdotcom





Advertisement 



Like Us On Facebook
Advertisement 



Follow Usby Advertisement 







Copyright © 2015 | 9jastreet.com 










