Could UKIP's rise herald a new chapter in Russian-British relations? — RT Op-Edge 
Could UKIP's rise herald a new chapter in Russian-British relations? — RT Op-Edge



 
 
 Keep up with the news by installing RT’s extension for . Never miss a story with this clean and simple app that delivers the latest headlines to you.

 





العربية
ESP
РУС
DE
FR



Freevideo
инотв
rtд
RUPTLY



 
Applications







live












search

















Section

News
USA
UK
Russian politics
Business
Op-Edge
In vision
In motion
Shows
Bulletin board
More







Breaking news
Pegida UK leader resigns ahead of Newcastle march

Pegida UK leader resigns ahead of Newcastle march







Home /
Op-Edge /





Could UKIP's rise herald a new chapter in Russian-British relations?






	          Bryan MacDonald is an Irish writer and commentator focusing on Russia and its hinterlands and international geo-politics. Follow him on Facebook





Get short URL




                            Published time: November 25, 2014 14:40                        















Tags
Cameron, EU, Election, Fracking, Opposition, Politics, Putin, Russia, UK 

Another month, another by-election success for the UK Independence Party. Mark Reckless’ victory last Friday in Rochester and Strood - by almost 3,000 votes - followed Douglas Carswell’s in October.

  Carswell took 59.7% of the vote in Clacton, with the ruling
  Conservatives a distant 2nd with 24.6%.

  UKIP’s leader Nigel Farage now says “all bets are off - the
  whole thing is up in the air.” He’s referring to next year’s
  general election, due to be held in May. Whether, UKIP are
  involved in forming the next government or not, even if their
  support turns out to be a flash in the pan, British politics has
  been changed utterly.

  Since 1918, when the previously popular Liberal party split in
  two, the UK has operated a 2 and a half party system. The
  Conservatives and Labour have swapped roles in government and the
  ‘niche’ Liberals have played the role of the spare wheel.
  Ironically, the last time this status quo was threatened was in
  1931, during the last recession to cause equivalent alarm as the
  2008 Global Economic Crisis.

  That interruption was caused by splits. Support for UKIP,
  sometimes perceived as a splinter from the Tory party, is more
  nuanced than that simplistic notion and they’ve succeeded,
  somewhat, in being a “catch all” grouping. Farage’s genius has
  been to appear common and in touch, by contrast with stuffy
  Westminster “lifers.” Furthermore, it seems the UKIP leader’s
  manner is genuine, not contrived.

  In a Britain smothered by liberalism and politically correct
  diktat, where the 2 1/2 parties are more or less identical,
  here’s a politician that bucks the trend. When Farage is pictured
  drinking a pint and smoking a cigarette, it doesn't appear to be
  staged - it seems he actually enjoys a beer and a fag. This runs
  contrary to the slick PR and heavy spin of modern establishment
  leaders.

  This month, UKIP’s opinion poll figures nationally have ranged
  anywhere between 11% and 23%, with 16% being the average. By
  contrast, just two years ago they were attracting about 6%. In
  Westminster’s first-past-the-post electoral system, 6% is
  nothing, 11% is a mild danger but 23% could win you more than 60
  seats. For the record, 16% could snatch between 30-40
  constituencies. Anything over 23%, such are the vagaries of the
  system, the sky’s the limit.


  UKIP's disruption

  All available information suggests that UKIP are not a passing
  fad but their impact on London’s policy will be immense. The
  Conservatives are running scared, following defections of sitting
  MP’s with more rumored to be poised to follow. UKIP have also
  spooked David Cameron into toughening his stand on EU policy and
  given succor to the party’s anti-Brussels wing.

  Labour is hemorrhaging working class, leftist, voters with a
  nationalist streak and the Liberals are in free-fall. Farage’s
  disruptive party could be about to have a profound effect on the
  EU’s third biggest economy and second largest military power.

  So what do UKIP want? They are not socialists and they are also
  not the far-right. Cleverly, they’ve positioned themselves as the
  “everyman” grouping. Patriotic, they believe in free trade, lower
  taxes and personal freedoms. They also want to withdraw from the
  EU. In their wildly disparate cake, there’s a slice that suits
  anyone element of a large cross-section of British society,
  particularly in England.

  While UKIP believe the state has become too big, a classic
  Conservative position, they also support zero taxes on low wages,
  a Labour viewpoint. Another “socialist” belief is more investment
  in social housing and further support for the NHS. However, UKIP
  also claims to be tough on crime - that involves wearing the
  Tories’ clothes. Furthermore, they pledge to remove the UK from
  the jurisdiction of the European Court of Human Rights - a
  heavily anti-Liberal viewpoint.

  Russia and Farage

  How does UKIP’s rise affect UK-Russia relations now and in the
  future, should it be sustained?

  Farage has openly admitted his admiration for Vladimir Putin,
  stating that Russia’s President was the world leader he “most
  admired” and praising Putin’s handling of the Syria
  situation.

  He also supports the Kremlin’s position on Ukraine, blaming the
  EU for the crisis. Farage demanded the West stop antagonizing
  “the Russian bear” by poking him “with a
  stick”, and insisted President Putin is “on our side” in the
  global war against jihadist extremism.

  Farage’s world view - classic European conservatism - is the
  antithesis of neoliberalism and a standpoint Putin thoroughly
  shares. However, lest anyone accuse Farage of being too cozy with
  Moscow, many of UKIP’s policies are bad news for Putin -
  particularly their support for fracking. The party believes that
  Britain must exploit all its shale resources to guarantee energy
  independence.

  If Farage, somehow, came to power the effect on - notoriously -
  tetchy bilateral interaction between London and Moscow would be
  huge. For the first time since WW2, Russia and Britain could
  conceivably become allies. This wouldn’t be as strange as it
  sounds. Russia and the UK have something extremely important in
  common in the European sense. While both are, technically, part
  of the continent, they feel only “slightly European.”

  This sensation is caused by geographical distance from the
  heartlands of east and central Europe and from having been great
  empires. When you are used to calling the shots, it’s hard to
  take orders from others. Especially from Germany, a country both
  the UK and Russia (as the USSR) defeated in WW2. This is not
  meant to cause offence to Germans; it’s a statement of fact on
  opinions inside the two nations.

  Even if UKIP don’t last the distance and their involvement in the
  next Westminster parliament is negligible, they have forced the
  issue of Britain’s EU engagement into the open. David Cameron is
  committed to an “in-or-out” referendum if he is re-elected and
  it’s conceivable that “out” could be the verdict.


  The UK that came in from the cold

  In such a scenario, there are possibilities for Russian-British
  rapprochement on many levels. Finding themselves cast off from
  Brussels, the UK will need new friends and, as evidenced by the
  living habits of the wealthy, Russians do seem attracted to
  London.

  There’s another eventuality that could play out here. A UK exit
  from the EU could mean a dilution of the famed Trans-Atlantic
  alliance between Washington and London. The US has already made
  it clear that it’d prefer Britain to stay with Brussels.

  Should the UK leave, Washington will likely attempt to further
  solidify its relationship with Germany, which would then be the
  completely undisputed leader of Europe, if it isn’t already. With
  Britain out in the cold, this would present a massive opportunity
  for Moscow and also a humongous challenge. If Farage is in power,
  it could be simple enough. Without him, Russia would need a
  serious charm offensive in the UK.


The statements, views and opinions expressed in this column are solely those of the author and do not necessarily represent those of RT.













 







Where to watch
Schedule















 





 



 








 
Where to watch
Schedule









News
In vision
USA
In motion
UK
Shows
Russian politics
Bulletin board
Business
More
Op-Edge



Live
Where to watch
Schedule


Legal disclaimer
Privacy policy
Feedback
About us
Contact info





rt news english apps
Android
iOS

Windows phone
Windows 8



العربية
Español
Русский
Deutsch
Français


Freevideo
инотв
rtд
RUPTLY


Applications
RSS


Legal disclaimer
Privacy policy
Feedback
About us
Contact info















Applications
RSS




 








                        © Autonomous Nonprofit Organization “TV-Novosti”, 2005–2015. All rights reserved.
                                        





News
USA
UK
Russian politics
Business
Op-Edge
In vision
In motion
Shows
Bulletin board
More





 






















 






