The Amsterdam Herald - Rutte II's emergency face-saving surgery kept the health bill alive, but at what cost to the coalition? 
The Amsterdam Herald - Rutte II's emergency face-saving surgery kept the health bill alive, but at what cost to the coalition?







The Amsterdam Herald



search:  











Top newsAll newsNews specials

Coffeeshops and cannabisThe Dutch housing marketElection 2012
Nicola Chadwick on politicsAboutContactInside out guide to AmsterdamEditor's blog
 





Skip to content





About
Guides
FAQs


Font Size


Increase font size
Decrease font size
Default font size



Layout




default



left-main



left-right-main



main-left-right



main-left



main-only



main-right-left



main-right



right-main-left



Menu Style




Mega



Css



Dropline



Split


 

Apply
Reset
 


Cpanel


















	A naturalised expat's view of Dutch life and politics	


		Rutte II's emergency face-saving surgery kept the health bill alive, but at what cost to the coalition?




 

 


Details

				Category: Nicola Chadwick's politics blog 

	Created on Friday, 19 December 2014 22:07	
 
				Written by Nicola Chadwick	
	


Tweet
Share





View Comments



By Nicola Chadwick (@amsternic)

What we witnessed in Dutch politics this week was a political pantomime as the shaky VVD-Labour cabinet clung to office. A power play between three Labour senators and a disgruntled Health Minister. And a cliffhanger as the public was made to wait three days - not for a solution: that was dealt with fairly quickly - but a sleight-of-hand to save the faces of the main actors in this schouwspel.
Political commentators and politicians alike in The Hague were taken completely unawares when a new health bill failed to make it through the Upper House late on Tuesday evening. But in a chat show former Labour MP Myrthe Hilkens said the three Labour (PvdA) dissidents had warned repeatedly that they would not support the bill. Nevertheless, health minister Edith Schippers fully expected that not only would the two coalition parties vote for her healthcare overhaul, but so would the constructive opposition of D66, Christian Union and SGP. 
The bill to save €1 billion in the healthcare system included measures to curb the power of insurance companies by making it impossible for them to own hospitals – thus outlawing so-called ‘vertical integration’. But it also affected the ability of patients to seek a second opinion by taking away their right to choose their own doctor. All parties agree that unnecessary and costly bureaucracy should be scrapped and the system made more efficient. However, under the proposed reform, patients would only have been able to seek a second opinion if they could afford it. That would have led to different outcomes for patients’ care depending on the size of their wallets. Putting wealth before health, if you like.
 
Emotional issue
Labour senator Adri Duivesteijn is well known for his obstinacy. Last year the cabinet came close to falling when he refused to support a new housing bill. His whole political life has centred on the issue of social housing. So in a way it was surprising that he was eventually persuaded by social affairs minister Lodewijk Asscher to give way.  Now the principle of equality in hospital treatment has suddenly become very personal, as the senator is suffering from prostate cancer. He was written off by doctors five years ago and is being kept alive by an experimental therapy. Had the new health law existed back then, he may not be alive today.  Health minister Edith Schippers had a bad start in this cabinet. The deal between the Liberals (VVD) and Labour was so secretive that she was only confronted by the introduction of means testing to determine health insurance premiums after the cabinet was formed. It was a PR disaster for the new cabinet, but also a professional insult to Schippers. The plan immediately set off a rebellion within the Liberal party and had to be scrapped. This time the minister demanded guarantees from the senators that they would vote for the bill if it was put forward again. According to Dutch media, she threatened to resign if they didn’t literally sign a promise. They refused. Had Schippers left the cabinet, it would have fallen.
Unusual measures
So although changing the content of the health bill was not a big problem, saving the face of a minister was. The cabinet had to find a ruse to keep her on board. It was found in the form of an Algemene Maatregel voor Bestuur or AMvB. Something I had never heard of before. If the revised health bill failed in the Upper House, the government would simply bypass the Senate with a slimmed-down version. Not a particularly democratic process, putting power before principles.  The leaders of the three constructive parties (C3) were called to the Prime Minister’s tower office, where they were informed of the plan. An hour later they were back outside. Although they are in favour of the changes to the bill, they balked at the undemocratic procedure being proposed to force it through. A cabinet letter was sent to Parliament announcing the changes to the bill. However, the debate which ensued was more about the matter of trust between the cabinet partners and the constructive opposition. Bypassing democratic procedures does little to instil faith in opposition parties. However, the C3 are being slightly hypocritical as although they did not shake hands on a deal, they did visit the PM’s tower for a pre-debate briefing, placing them at an advantage with regard to the rest of the opposition.
Poker cabinet
The cabinet is playing poker. Once the health bill is accepted, Rutte II will have got its most important reforms through and believes it can afford to sit out the remaining two years of its office. If the cabinet had fallen this week, if would have been a disaster for the raft of measures due to be introduced on 1st January, as a caretaker cabinet would be in a difficult position to put things right when they went wrong. The Liberals and Labour are desperately clinging to one another as neither is in a good position to fight a general election at this point. However, in doing so they have squandered the support of the C3. Faced with the prospect of less support in the Upper House after the provincial elections in March, Prime Minister Mark Rutte – ever the optimist - believes he can forge new (even broader) coalitions, if need be.
The picture looks even worse for Labour, whose leader, Diederik Samsom, has seen his leadership further undermined. In addition to his troubles with the three dissident senators, the party’s golden boy Lodewijk Asscher had to intervene to mend fences between Samsom and Adri Duivesteijn. Duivesteijn praised Asscher for his political integrity and not flexing his muscles. He wouldn’t let the control freak Samsom anywhere near him.  Shakespearean theatrics
Meanwhile the leader of the progressive liberal D66 party, Alexander Pechtold, missed a chance to cash in on his popularity. There again, he would not be worth his political salt if he was opportunistic enough to bring down the government. Even popular opposition parties cannot afford to be seen to be responsible for a cabinet crisis. It does them no favours with the electorate. Pechtold had better hope his popularity does not peak too soon.  Rutte is now claiming it was much ado about nothing, as the cabinet was never in danger of falling. Nevertheless, there was definitely a sense of cabinet crisis at Christmas in this winter tale. However, the opposition did not get its pound of flesh. According to Rutte it’s the result that counts, so all’s well that ends well in the comic tragedy on the political stage in The Hague. The rest of us will wait to see what happens in the next act.

Nicola Chadwick is a journalist and translator who has lived in Amsterdam for the last 25 years. After taking Dutch nationality last year, she voted in her first election in September. She worked for the Dutch world service Radio Netherlands Worldwide for 10 years, writing on news, politics and culture. She is married to a former alderman on North Amsterdam's district council with the GreenLeft party. Her blog Going Dutch, on the naturalisation process, is at http://amsternic.wordpress.com and she is on Twitter as @amsternic.





View the discussion thread.



			blog comments powered by DISQUS


			back to top		





Tweet
Share
 













 


Listen to



















Top


Skip to content







Powered By T3 Framework






JavaScript is currently disabled.Please enable it for a better experience of Jumi.



