Primate Olabayo’s shocking 2015 predictions: Presidential election ’ll be deadlocked 
Primate Olabayo’s shocking 2015 predictions: Presidential election ’ll be deadlocked



 




About UsContact UsSitemap




  












    

Today: 25.Feb.2015





Download Tribune Android App




  




 Home


News




Top Stories


News Headlines


Sports


Community News


World News


Latest News

 




Columns




Inside




Monday Lines


Crucial Moment


Sat. with Ayinla Mukaiba


Front Row


Your Life Counts


Life Line


Borderless


Gibbers


Awo's Thoughts

 


Language & Style


Grandmaster


You & Eye


Inside Aso Rock


A Healthy Heart


IVF and You


Veracity


Empowered For Life

 




Backpage




In &Out


Alade Fawole On Tuesday


Today with Garba Shehu


Afe on Thursday


Diran Apata's Sun. Message

 



 




Business




Banking


Tribune Business


Brands & Marketing


Capital Market


Energy


Insurance


Money Market

 


Maritime


Property & Environ.


Labour Today


Consumer Platform


Leadership & Mgt.


Corporate Social Res.

 




Advertising




Online Advert Rates


New Print Advert Rates

 




Check Mail


Quick Links




Inside Lagos


Aviation


Ask The Doctor


Tatafo


Views.com


Royalty & Festivities


Crime Report


Tribune Church


EntArtainment

 


The Polity


Editorial


Politics


Opinion


Features


Converse with Yemisi


Motoring & Transport


The Lynx Eye


Firm Faith: Right Reason

 




Sporting Tribune


Confab Archive


Tribune Online TV

 
 Home News -- Top Stories -- News Headlines -- Sports -- Community News -- World News -- Latest News Columns -- Inside ---- Monday Lines ---- Crucial Moment ---- Sat. with Ayinla Mukaiba ---- Front Row ---- Your Life Counts ---- Life Line ---- Borderless ---- Gibbers ---- Awo's Thoughts ---- Language & Style ---- Grandmaster ---- You & Eye ---- Inside Aso Rock ---- A Healthy Heart ---- IVF and You ---- Veracity ---- Empowered For Life -- Backpage ---- In &Out ---- Alade Fawole On Tuesday ---- Today with Garba Shehu ---- Afe on Thursday ---- Diran Apata's Sun. Message Business -- Banking -- Tribune Business -- Brands & Marketing -- Capital Market -- Energy -- Insurance -- Money Market -- Maritime -- Property & Environ. -- Labour Today -- Consumer Platform -- Leadership & Mgt. -- Corporate Social Res. Advertising -- Online Advert Rates -- New Print Advert Rates Check Mail Quick Links -- Inside Lagos -- Aviation -- Ask The Doctor -- Tatafo -- Views.com -- Royalty & Festivities -- Crime Report -- Tribune Church -- EntArtainment -- The Polity -- Editorial -- Politics -- Opinion -- Features -- Converse with Yemisi -- Motoring & Transport -- The Lynx Eye -- Firm Faith: Right Reason Sporting Tribune Confab Archive Tribune Online TV  



  













 





 



















 





  


 

Most Popular




OBJ tore expired party card —PDP





Fayose to APC: Produce original Shekau





22 magistrates fired during my tenure as Lagos Attorney-General —Osinbajo





Suicide bombers kill 26 in Yobe, Kano





Jonathan, wife, Dickson pay tribute to deceased Bayelsa female politicians





Abuja residents sue Jonathan, Adoke over ministerial appointment













 





 


  









Top Stories




Primate Olabayo’s shocking 2015 predictions: Presidential election ’ll be deadlocked





font size

decrease font size



increase font size





Print




Email






 27.Dec.2014 

DISQUS_COMMENTS 






•PDP will win Lagos•APC ’ll retain Rivers, Ogun, Oyo
Foremost Prophet, Primate Theophilus Oluwasaanu Olabayo, is the Pastor, Founder , Evangelical Church of Yahweh, located at Arowojobe Estate, Mende Village, Maryland, Lagos State.  In this no-holds-barred interview with Adelowo Oladipo in Lagos, he reveals his predictions for the New Year. He predicts, among other things, that the 2015 presidential election may not hold and If the election holds at all, it may be stalemated. He also predicts that if elections hold, the Peoples Democratic Party will win the governorship election in Lagos State while the All Progressives Congress (APC) will retain Rivers, Ogun and Oyo states. Primate Olabayo also called for prayers against political assassinations in the New Year. Excerpts:
As the New Year approaches, can you reveal what have been revealed to you particularly as the nation prepares for another general elections ?
You see, in this country, many people  do not want to hear the truth. To start with, God has revealed to me that there may not be elections next year because in 2015, we are going to witness one of the worst  political assassinations in Nigeria. God further informed me that the South West geo-political zone should be very careful so that the region would not be thrown into another era of wild, wild west because I saw political assassinations everywhere. I also saw some people in masks who were killing people everywhere. Specifically, between now and January, the country will witness one of the worst eras of bloodshed in its history. And if at all there will be elections next year in Nigeria, the seat of the president is not vacant.
 Can you tell us what you mean  by saying that the seat of the president is not vacant?
 God has revealed to me that if at all there is going to be presidential election, it will be inconclusive just like (the June 12,) that we had during the time of the late Chief MKO Abiola who flew the flag of the Social Democratic Party under the military administration of General Ibrahim Badamasi Babangida.
What should we expect with regard to the issues of  insecurity and explosions in the northern parts of the country?
In the New Year, we will never see Boko Haram again but insurgency will come in another form. We should pray against religious and ethnic wars in this country. President Jonathan has surrounded himself with some sycophants who are just telling him lies. The sycophants have made former President Olusegun Obasanjo the president’s enemy, forgetting the fact that the president would not have been where he is today without the assistance  and  support of Obasanjo.  President Jonathan  should bear it in mind that these people that are destroying Obasanjo would destroy him one day. I think what should be done if he plans for peace in the remaining days left for him in office as the number one citizen is to work assiduously in the overall interest of all Nigerians  so that the poverty level in the country can be reduced drastically.  I do not know the type of economic policy he is implementing that things are getting worse on a daily basis among the general populace, yet they keep saying that the economy is improving.  I have never seen a situation where the economy is improving, yet the  standard of living of the citizens is deteriorating everyday. Everywhere you go in this country, cases of armed robbery, kidnapping and other criminal activities are on the increase.  What I am seeing is not a military incursion into the body polity, but the poor will take on the rich, it is a revolution that I am seeing in no distance future. 
Are these to suggest that the statement attributed to the United States of America that the country may disintegrate by 2015 may come to pass?
 No, the country will not disintegrate because specifically, the United States had earlier  said  that in 2015, there would be no Nigeria and ironically, some Nigerian politicians have been working towards it. By the special grace of God, Nigeria will not disintegrate but by the special grace of God, a man of destiny will take over the reins of governance and most corrupt people who have been parading themselves and masquerading as Nigerian leaders, if they are not dead, will be jailed. And those who have been celebrating that they have money and are wealthy at the expense of the poor masses will have to be very careful because God will soon intervene in the affairs of Nigeria.
Do you foresee the All Progressives Congress  defeating the Peoples Democratic Party in the forthcoming  general election and forming the government at the centre, especially with the emergence of former Head of State, General Muhammadu Buhari, as APC’s presidential standard-bearer?
 Whether they call themselves  APC or Codeine, they are all the same. I have told you that there may not be election next year and if there is going to be an election, God told me that they are going to rig the election and this will cause an upheaval and the results of the election will not be declared and if the result is declared, the winners of the election will not govern. But my advice to our politicians is that they should let the president go peacefully and retire to his village .Nigerians need to avoid these people who are leaving one party to the other and claiming to form a coalition with candidates who have no base in their towns and villages. These opportunists  are the worst  enemies  of this country. We have to avoid them so that they do not plunge this country into chaos . Recently, the Borno State governor raised an alarm that about three quarter of the state has been taken over by Boko Haram, yet the military authorities say they are having the upper hand over the insurgents. Then it is either the governor or the military hierarchy is lying. We now have a situation, where if anybody wants to make money off Nigeria, just tell the president you can crush Boko Haram or you tell him Boko Haram will soon  become history.
As a prophet, do you foresee an end to Boko Haram insugency in 2015?
  In future, a man of destiny will take over power at the centre in this country  and Boko Haram will be over. God will raise a leader for this country who will clear the mess. He will come in a way that nobody can explain. The souls of the innocent people who have been killed by evil people who we see as leaders in this country are standing together to form an army. When they will strike and take over Nigeria, only God  can tell. They killed the bodies of the innocent and not their spirits. God is preparing some leaders who will rule this country, they will emerge in three to five years’ time and turn the country into a paradise on earth.
The international scene will be of interest to Nigerians as well. Anything of interest or surprise in 2015?
Well, terrorism will take over the world and the economy of superpowers including the United States of America will suffer  in the New Year. Crises in that country will render President Barack Obama unpopular.   Economically, things will be bad in the entire world. I see disaster, blood everywhere. What  has never happened before will start coming up as people will be killing their children and eating one another as a result of starvation. 
Nigerians enter successive New Years with hope. What is the fate of the common man with the economic crisis in the country especially with the fall in prices of crude oil? 
The drop in the price of crude oil at the  international  market is because God just wants to teach us a lesson that Nigeria should not rely on crude oil again as a source of revenue. God will produce other things that are very strong even as crude oil to an extent that this economic crisis created by the drastic drop in the prices of crude oil will turn out to be a blessing and it will be well with Nigerians. Also, God will start raising good leaders and something good will start happening to us as a nation. Nigeria is presently facing economic hardship as a result of the fact that God wanted to tell our leaders and the citizens that we should not depend on crude oil exportation  alone for the development of this country and we have made oil our god, that was why we could not use the oil revenue very well to our own advantage. That is why God is not happy with us as a people.
What is the situation  likely to be in other African countries?
There is going to be some change of governments in some African countries in the New Year and Ghana is going to witness a lot of problems because the opposition will rise against the current government in that country. The sitting government will have a lot of problems economically  and as a result, they will not find it easy. And between January and March 2015, there will be a lot of plane crashes everywhere. Hijacking of planes is going to be on the increase and after those crises, things will start getting better. There will be a lot of terror activities everywhere and mysterious things that had never happened before will start happening all over the world. People will just be missing anyhow, that is why people will turn to God.
And I see Jihad in Nigeria, I see people leaving the northern part of the country in droves for their homelands . As a result of this, ethnic problems should be avoided in Nigeria. It is either the Igbo facing the Hausa or the Yoruba. I just see them leaving  the northern part of the country for their different places of origins and destinations. I saw anarchy in the land. But Nigeria will remain as one, there would have been  seven years of war but God has decreed there would be no war in Nigeria again. God will intervene in the affairs of Nigeria and the military will be reorganised .
What can we do to avert the impending problems that you talked about?
That is why President Goodluck Jonathan must warn his kitchen cabinet, especially those in the inner circles in his government who are always spoiling for war against perceived enemies of the government and against past leaders of the country, to stop it so that there can be peace in the land .
The president should be seen to be fighting corruption headlong, otherwise corruption and insecurity will bring down his government. I foresee that as we are moving towards another election in the country, there is going to be upheaval. In order to avert the impending problems in the country,  Muslims should observe fasting and prayers on the first Friday of the year while Christians should also fast and pray for peace to reign in the country on the first Sunday of the year so that  peace can be restored in Nigeria. And if Nigerians still want the forthcoming general elections to hold, they have to pray very well so that there may not be trouble as a result of stalemated election. The chairman of Independent National Electoral Commission should be warned not to spoil his name and those of his officials in sensitive positions because  if they do a thorough job, there may not be crisis.  But if they are not careful, the election may be rigged just like what happened in Zimbabwe.
 Also, the All Progressives Congress will still reclaim Ekiti State because many secrets would be unfolded about the government of the day in that  state.  Then in Lagos, Nigerians, especially the Yoruba, must be prayerful because that is where trouble may start in the New Year. APC is going to have problems concerning the party’s governorship candidate. PDP candidate, Jimi Agbaje, will have more support of the people and this is what will cause uproar in some circles if at all there is going to be elections. I say it again that if there is going to be election, Jimi Agbaje will have the upper hand because the candidate that should have won the election for APC was not given the chance to be presented as the party’s governorship candidate in Lagos state. APC should have presented Ganiyu Solomon, he was God’s anointed candidate for the party. This is the man God has chosen but the powers- that- be in the party did not allow him . That is why I said people do not listen to the voice of God again in this country. Rather, they are looking for those who would cover them and their mistakes up. 
In politics, Nigerians should not dwell on religious considerations before they choose their leaders. Rather, they should vote for those who can serve them well. The people who were said to be clamouring for Christian governor in Lagos State may not even be Christians at all but church goers. They may not even be known in Christian circles  because some of them are pagans.
If they were talking about Christian governor in a very important state like Lagos, what is the population of regular Christian voters in that state that vote during election periods? We should stop the habit of imposition of candidates for elections because of personal interests if we want democracy to thrive.  A party leader, Bola Ahmed Tinubu, should stop this idea of imposition of candidates in APC, that is what is killing the party and he has to watch his health in the New Year.
What role is reserved for the traditional institution and other leaders in Yoruba land in next year’s election so that the zone would not be turned into a battle ground ?
 I think it would be better if paramount rulers like the Ooni of Ife, Oba  Okunade Sijuwade; the Awujale of Ijebuland, Oba Sikiru Adetona and the Osile of Oke –Ona Egba, Oba Adedapo Tejuosho, among other numerous important traditional rulers in Yorubaland, should call  for a meeting of traditional rulers to seek  peace in their domains so that there would be no wild, wild West again. In fact, all well-meaning Yoruba sons and daughters should come together to seek  the peace of the land. Most  of our leaders need prayers to survive 2015. Nigeria’s First Lady, Dame Patience Jonathan, needs prayers so that she would not be rushed to the hospital again in the New Year. I see some traditional rulers passing away.
Looking into  the banking sector and the capital market, do you foresee a turnaround in those sectors in 2015?
There is going to be problems in most banks, especially in a first generation bank and in two new generation banks because I see their executives being changed. I see a lot of secrets being exposed and the managing directors of these banks facing problems, while the new Central Bank governor needs to be watchful and pray. And there is going to be multiple bomb blasts in Kano State, Maiduguri, Borno State capital , in Adamawa and even in Kaduna State.  We also need to pray for the Emir of Kano.
 Another area of concern to Nigerians is the education sector. Will we get it right?
In the nation’s higher institutions, there is going to be crisis because there is going to be students uprising against some unpopular policies of the government as well as increase in their tuition fees . I see students burning tyres and other items on the streets including some public and private  properties everywhere in the course of the new year as most of the authorities of the tertiary institutions would hike their  school fees.
What should Nigerians expect from the legislative arm of government both at the state and National Assemblies in the New Year?
To start with, I saw that most of the senators would not even return to their seats in the hallowed chambers because some of them would have problems as a result of what they had dabbled into. Political assassinations will be so rampant because people will be sponsoring assassins to eliminate their opponents. Some state governors and  National Assembly members will be after one another’s lives. That is why 2015 is a year of blood. I saw blood flowing ceaselessly in the land. The  political  space is not going to augur well in the year we are going into, hence we need a lot of prayers to navigate the year. Also, there is going to be a lot of  fire and flood disasters in most of the states of the federation. And some government houses will be set ablaze. I see Kano, Borno, Kaduna and Gombe states in turmoil and their governors must be very watchful so that enemies would not take over their government houses. Similarly, there will be bombings in Enugu and Rivers states. Then the governor of Anambra State needs to be very prayerful so that the people would not cause trouble between him and former governor Peter Obi so that Obi’s people in PDP would not do everything possible to take over Anambra state in 2015. These are the problem areas. Imo  State too is another problem area but in the state PDP will do everything possible to take over the state but people will resist it.
I see many ministers of God being killed but if they don’t want to endanger their lives, they should not dabble into politics. Ogun State chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party is going to have a lot of problems because no matter what they do, APC will still win Ogun State. Oyo State will still remain under APC  but in Lagos State, APC is going to have problems while there is also going to be problems in Ondo State because PDP will like to rig the election and the people will resist it. Also in many states of the federation, they are going to have political problems. In Rivers State, anybody supported by Governor Rotimi Amaechi will rule the state in the next dispensation, although PDP will come with a very strong force but they will fail. Above all. it is going to be well with the people that fear the Lord while those that are poor will rejoice  because very soon, God will elevate them.  Also, journalists in the country should be very careful in the New Year so that some of them would not be killed.
 What is likely to be the result if the  leaders fail to listen to you or heed your advice?
 Well, it is left to them to hear the voice of the Lord and take action while they are also free not to heed the honest advice from the throne of mercy. This was the same way I warned the late Chief MKO Abiola not to participate in the 1993 general elections and he never listened. But we all know how he ended his life, the same thing I warned the late former Head of State, General Sani Abacha, he also failed to listen and I also told the late  former Minister of Justice and Attorney General of the Federation, Chief Bola Ige, not to take a ministerial appointment from Chief Olusegun Obasanjo’s government at the inception of this democratic experience. Specifically, I told him that he was going to be rubbished, but he insisted on taking the appointment, saying he would resign his appointment  before he was rubbished and I told him that before he resigned, they would kill him. And before President Jonathan got there, some people said he would not get there, I was the one who said he would  get there and that some enemies of the country would make the country almost ungovernable for him and it has happened as predicted .
 When he got there, some people hijacked his government and he was made a hostage in power and he isn’t bothered to correct the situation. He should not try his luck any longer. Some of those surrounding him are enemies of the country and when the chips are down, he would not see them again. 
The Itsekiris, Urohobos and the Ijaws should avoid trouble and also the people of the Niger Delta region should avoid trouble. Some leaders of the geo-political zone must be careful  so that they can survive in the year. Also, Edo State governor, Adams Oshiomhole, has to be careful because whatever be the case, the state is going to be a boiling point in the year because the election would be rigged in favour of a particular party  and there will be anarchy in Edo State. Some of our leaders would be poisoned and many politicians would not survive 2015. Nigerians also have to be careful with their security, especially those travelling by night, because I see a lot of accidents on the road everywhere.
Former President Olusegun Obasanjo is an elder statesman, he should mellow down  because Jonathan is his son. The two leaders should be reconciled by their mutual friends and they should not listen to those who want to cause disaffection  between the two leaders  so that this country can  move forward.
Also, the seat of the Senate President is very hot, therefore, Senator David Mark has to be very careful so that he would not lose his relevance because I see him sitting on a keg of gum powder. Again, President Jonathan should be very careful about how he handles the outcome of the 2015 presidential election.  

How Adetunji Made Over N20Million Via LEGITIMATE And Simply Internet Business In 2014. CLICK HERE To Learn From Him FREE Of Charge!

BREAKTHROUGH! 27 yr Old Internet Millionaire Reveals How He Made His First N3Million In 2 Months Using The Internet. To See His Verified Payment Proof. Click Here!

FREE REPORT Reveals How To Start Generating N100,000+ Monthly From Football Betting Loopholes Almost On AUTOPILOT. This Is So SIMPLE.

How To Make A N650,000+ Monthly Income From The Oil & Gas Industry. Its New. Its Real & Its GOVT APPROVED. Click Here NOW!

Would You Like To Start Earning A Minimum of N5,000-N10,000 Daily Online With Your Mobile Phone or Computer, If Yes Click HERE‎!

FREE INFORMATION! Be The MAN Every WOMAN Desires And RESTORE Your Confidence Back. Discover How To Make Her Proud Starting Today. Click Here

How To Make $100 - $500 Daily ($2K - $10k Monthly) From Real Online Bizness. Click For Free Info!























Tweet 




















  










 

















 










 




 


 


  





DisclaimerThe views expressed on this website are those of the authors named, and are not of African Newspapers of Nigeria (ANN) Plc, publishers of Nigerian Tribune, Sunday Tribune and Saturday Tribune, while ANN Plc is also not responsible for the content of any external Internet sites linked to its website. All comments posted are the responsibility of the posters, and ANN Plc does not endorse any opinions expressed. However, we do maintain the right not to publish comments or to remove or edit them without notice.






  






Food and DrinkWomen AffairsAchieversStyleSpecial FeatureEntertainmentIntimacyKleiglightTribune Law







InterviewsChurch NewsAspireMega WealthDigital SavvyRelationshipsArts & CultureMake OverShare a burden







Life and LivingSpecial ReportRazzmatazzGlamourSunday ZestGlitzLettersConfabCartoon







The Friday EditionHealth NewsIslamic NewsEntrepreneurship+Friday TreatCrime and SecurityCrime ReportsYour HealthNatural Health







AutocareEducationTourismAgricultureNews FeatureArts & ReviewAbuja XtraNiger DeltaEnvogue







HeartcopyHersTransportationMaka Nd'IgboArewaThe ProfessionalsExecutive StyleCorporate Focus






  



Copyright © 2015 Nigerian Tribune. All Rights Reserved. | Designed by Nigerian Tribune Web Team




 







