Election News and Live Updates for 12 Dec 2014 
Election News and Live Updates for 12 Dec 2014
























Latest


SAD workers try to capture polling booth in Chandigarh | 43.41 percent of polling was recorded in the state till noon | Amritsar- 46.2%, Bathinda- 64%, Barnala- 46%,  Ferozepur- 44.6%, Faridkot- 43.34%, Fazilka- 46%, Fatehgarh Sahib- 41%, Gurdaspur- 38%, Hoshiarpur- 42.78%, Jalandhar- 42.67%, Kapurthala- 44%, Ludhiana- 36.55%, Moga- 62.64%, Mansa- 51%, Patiala- 34.5%, Pathankot- 35%, Roopnagar- 36%, Mukatsar- 33.91%, SAS Nagar- 36.71%, Sangrur- 41%, Nawashahr- 46.3%, Tarn Taran- 43% |  







Centre


Lok Sabha
Rajya Sabha
Cabinet Ministers
MPs 2014
Ministries
Anglo Indian MPs


States


About States' Election
Vidhan Sabha
Chief Ministers
Governors


Results


Election Results
Delhi Election Results
2013 Delhi Election Results
2008 Delhi Election Results


Government


Government of India
Prime Minister
President
Vice President
CEO
Structure of Parliament
Municipal Corporation


Delhi Election


About Delhi Elections
Delhi Cabinet 2015
Work done by Kejriwal Government 
Delhi Assembly Constituencies
Delhi Assembly Election Issues
50 Questions for Delhi
Polling Booths


For Voters


Elections FAQs
New Trends
Who Can Vote
Importance of Elections
Why Should We Vote
Politicians
Parties


What's New


News
Blog
Political Corner
Infographics
Quiz
Upcoming Elections












































Track Your Constituency

Type



Select
Assembly
Parliamentary



Select State



Constituency






 


Home           » News and Events        

 








Government of India




Ministers of India
Chief Ministers of India
Governors of India
Presidents of India
Members of Parliament








Political Parties




Bharatiya Janata Party
Indian National Congress
Bahujan Samaj Party
Communist Party of India
Communist Party of India(M)
Nationalist Congress Party


More..








Political Leaders




Vasundhara Raje
Ashok Gehlot
C P Joshi
Sachin Pilot
Arvind Kejriwal
Dr. HarshVardhan
Shiela Dixit


More..








Elections in India




India Parliamentary constituencies
India Assembly constituencies
Assembly Elections 2014
General Elections 2014
Elections 2014
Who Can Vote in India
Importance of Elections in India
Why Should We Vote in India








Election Commission of India




Delhi
Karnataka
Madhya Pradesh
Rajasthan
Chhattisgarh


More..








Chief Electoral Officers




Delhi
Karnataka
Rajasthan
Madhya Pradesh
Uttar Pradesh


More..








India State Elections




Delhi
Rajasthan
Madhya Pradesh
Uttar Pradesh
Maharashtra
Haryana
Punjab


more...








India General Elections History




General Elections 2014
General Elections 2009
General Elections 2004
General Elections 1999
General Elections 1998
General Elections 1996
General Elections 1992
General Elections 1991
General Elections 1989
General Elections 1985
General Elections 1984
General Elections 1980
General Elections 1977
General Elections 1971
General Elections 1967
General Elections 1962
General Elections 1957
General Elections 1951



 










 India Election News









 

Search News By Date 
select state
MaharashtraJharkhandDelhiJammu and KashmirHaryana 



News Online



				Discussion on GST in parliament likely this session: Jaitley				

	After a meeting with the Empowered Committee of State Finance Ministers, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley was on Friday optimistic about initiating the discussion on the proposed constitutional amendment bill for implementing the Goods and Services Tax (GST) in the ongoing session of parliament. "This week I'm trying my best to get an agreement with state finance ministers so that we can introduce the discussion on the amendments (on GST Bill) in this session," Jaitley said at the Agenda Aaj Tak event in New Delhi. "I am making maximum effort, so that at least in the next session we can have the legislation passed," he added.

	Source: IANS
 2014-12-12 05:48:53 PM



				Cannot lose soldiers to accidents: Parrikar				

	Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar said on Friday India cannot afford to lose its soldiers to accidents, and that he will soon fix accountability for the recent sinking of a torpedo recovery vessel. "The torpedo recovery vessel that sank... I have asked them to find reasons. People lost their lives, we cannot be that careless," Parrikar said at the Agenda Aaj Tak - 2014 conclave. "Give me some time, I will fix accountability," he said. Indian Naval Torpedo Recovery Vessel INTRV A 72 sank off Visakhapatnam Nov 6. The ship had sailed for a routine mission with 29 personnel onboard, including six from the Naval Science and Technology Laboratory (NSTL) in Visakhapatnam. While returning to Visakhapatnam after completion of the mission, the vessel reported flooding in her steering gear compartment.

	Source: IANS
 2014-12-12 05:46:33 PM



				Last decade was 'loss decade' for armed forces: Parrikar				

	Hinting that corruption was deep rooted as far as procurement and deals were concerned, Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar on Friday said the last decade was a "loss decade" for the armed forces. Speaking at the Agenda Aaj Tak - 2014 conclave, the minister advocated defined representatives from defence firms instead of agents. He said the government needs to decide how long banned firms like Finmeccanica were going to remain banned, and should the government deal with subsidiaries of such firms. Asked about former defence minister A.K. Antony, who is known to be an honest man, Parrikar said just honesty was not enough.

	Source: IANS
 2014-12-12 05:44:22 PM



				Punjab's border belt to get uninterrupted power				

	Giving a major reprieve to the residents of border districts of Punjab, Chief Minister Parkash Singh Badal on Friday announced that the state government would provide round-the-clock power supply to the residents of the border belt along the India-Pakistan international boundary. Addressing people during his visit to this border town, Badal said he had already issued the necessary directions to the authorities concerned to ensure 24x7 power supply in the border areas of the state. The chief minister said the division of the country, consequent to the partition in 1947, and wars with Pakistan in the post-independence era had given a fatal blow to the development and prosperity of the border towns of Punjab.

	Source: IANS
 2014-12-12 05:42:23 PM



				Political parties condemn power tariff hike in Tamil Nadu				

	Political parties in Tamil Nadu on Friday strongly opposed the power tariff hike averaging around 15 percent and demanded its withdrawl by the state government. "The second hike by the AIADMK government should be fully withdrawn," DMK president M.Karunanidhi said in a statement issued in Chennai. Citing reports, Karunanidhi said the hike does not seem to have the unanimous approval of the Tamil Nadu Electricity Regulatory Commission (TNERC) and appears to have been announced under the government's compulsion. PMK leader S.Ramadoss in a statement condemned the power tariff hike to mobilise around Rs.5,447 crore by the state power utility.

	Source: IANS
 2014-12-12 05:39:36 PM








				Bengal minister Madan Mitra arrested in Saradha scam 				

	The CBI on Friday arrested West Bengal Transport Minister and Trinamool Congress leader Madan Mitra in connection with the multi-crore rupee Saradha chit fund scam. The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) also arrested Naresh Balodia, the legal advisor of Saradha chief and scam kingpin Sudipta Sen. "Mitra was arrested on prima facie evidence of criminal conspiracy, cheating and misappropriation as well as deriving undue financial benefits from the Saradha group," CBI official Kanchan said. "CBI also arrested Naresh Balodia on charges of criminal conspiracy, cheating and diversion of funds in the same case," she added. Mitra, also the sports minister, was arrested following many hours of grilling by CBI sleuths at the agency office in Kolkata.

	Source: IANS
 2014-12-12 05:35:21 PM



				Bihar minister's husband booked for extortion				

	A case has been lodged against the husband of a Bihar minister for allegedly trying to extort money from government officials and threatening to shoot them if not paid, police said on Friday. Backward and Extremely Backward Class Welfare Minister Beema Bharti's husband Awadhesh Mandal had allegedly demanded Rs. 5000 per month from each of the officials of the Bhawanipur circle office in Purnea district two days ago, a district police official said. Mandal, a notorious gangster, had also threatened officials that if they failed to pay him, he will shoot them and even unleash his dog on them. Circle officer Anil Kumar has lodged a case in police station against Mandal and informed the district superintendent of police Ajit Kumar Satyarthi and sought security.
 2014-12-12 05:32:25 PM



				Need to teach lessons to the rogue: Parrikar on Pakistan				

	Even as India will try to use diplomatic steps to avoid a confrontation with Pakistan, one needs to teach lessons to "those who are rogue", Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar said on Friday. Asked at the Aaj Tak-2014 conclave about the disturbances created by Pakistan along the border, he said India was not closing any options for "harsh measures". "We are always prepared with counter measures. Eye for eye or 'eent ka jawab pathhar se' (befitting reply) appears to be an offensive statement. But ultimately, you have to teach a lesson to those who are rouge. He, however, added that this was not the only option and India would also try diplomatic measures like exerting political and diplomatic pressure.

	Source: IANS
 2014-12-12 05:28:32 PM



				Forget violence and contribute in progress: Rajnath to Maoists				

	Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh has urged the Maoists to do away with the ways of violence and join the mainstream for the overall development of the state. Addressing a rally in Baghmara in Dhanbad district on Friday Singh Said, "In democracy there is no space for violence. Naxalites must drop weapons and contribute in the development of villages as well as state." Rajnath Singh was in Dhanbad campaigning for BJP ahead of the fourth of the five phased assembly elections in the state. The balloting under the fourth phase will take place on December 14.

	Source: News Reports
 2014-12-12 05:23:35 PM



				Coal scam: Charge-sheet filed against Madhu Koda, others				

	The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on Friday filed a charge-sheet against former Jharkhand chief minister Madhu Koda and seven others in a coal block case involving Vini Iron and Steel Udyog Ltd. The CBI filed the charge-sheet before Special Judge Bharat Parashar, who posted the matter for Dec 22. The CBI has booked Koda and seven others on various charges like cheating and criminal conspiracy under the Prevention of Corrupti on Act. The case involves allocation of coal blocks to Vini Iron and Steel Udyog Ltd. in Jharkhand's Rajhara town in which its directors and unknown public servants of the ministry of coal, the Jharkhand government and others were named as the accused in the first information report lodged in Sep 2012.

	Source: IANS
 2014-12-12 03:23:49 PM








				Uber cab drivers protest in Delhi				

	At least 500 drivers of the banned online cab booking company Uber on Friday staged a protest against the ban by the Delhi government. The Delhi government banned the company on Dec 8 after finding that it has not been following transport rules. The move came soon after one of its drivers allegedly raped a 25-year-old woman in his cab while dropping her home. "Every driver of the company is not a culprit. If one commits a crime, what is the point of punishing others?", A.S. Pandey, an Uber cab driver said, while protesting at Jantar Mantar in New Delhi. Pandey said the government should think of them (drivers) and their families. "The government should think about us and our families. Where do we go? We want the government to take back its decision," he said.

	Source: IANS
 2014-12-12 03:19:29 PM



				Protest in Lok Sabha over Godse, BJP MP regrets remarks				

	BJP MP Sakshi Maharaj on Friday regretted in the Lok Sabha his remarks eulogizing Mahatma Gandhi's assassin Nathuram Godse after vociferous protests by the opposition. The house was in uproar over the issue as soon as it met for the day until the MP from Unnao in Uttar Pradesh finally said: "I regret my remarks and take back my words." The Congress earlier sought the suspension of the question hour but Speaker Sumitra Mahajan rejected the request. Congress leader Mallikarjun Kharge said the killer of Mahatma Gandhi was being praised, "which is a serious matter". Members of the opposition gathered near the speaker's podium and shouted "Hey Ram!" -- the last two words Gandhi uttered before he fell to the killer's bullets -- forcing the house to be adjourned for 10 minutes.

	Source: IANS

	 
 2014-12-12 02:11:35 PM



				BJP will win Jammu and Kashmir polls: Amit Shah				

	BJP president Amit Shah on Friday said that his party will win the the ongoing Jammu and Kashmir assembly polls as well as the West Bengal assembly elections scheduled for 2016. Speaking at the Agenda Aaj Tak - 2014 conclave, the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) president said the voters of Jammu and Kashmir wanted development and will vote for the party. "The media is still busy in dividing the voters of the state along religious lines. We are fighting the polls on issues like electricity, water and education...I am sure the BJP will win in Jammu and Kashmir," he said. "I am confident that the BJP will fare very, very well in Bengal and we will be successful in forming a government there," Shah added.

	Source: IANS
 2014-12-12 01:59:18 PM



				Modi asks youths to take up yoga				

	Elated over the UN decision to declare June 21 as the International Day of Yoga, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday urged the youth to take up yoga "diligently and regularly". "I have been a practicer of yoga for years, and you can't believe the positive difference it has made in my life," he said in a tweet. "Yoga is the anchor of my life." Modi's statement said he could see the "tremendous enthusiasm among all of you after the UN declared June 21 as the 'International Day of Yoga.' It is very gladdening. "The fact that 177 nations across all continents came together and co-sponsored the resolution shows the integrative power of yoga. "I urge all of you, especially the youth, to take up yoga and practice it diligently and regularly. It will truly transform your lives as well."

	Source: IANS
 2014-12-12 01:55:07 PM



				Will successfully bring back black money: Amit Shah				

	The government is "working in the right direction" to bring back black money stashed away abroad, BJP president Amit Shah said on Friday. Speaking at the Agenda Aaj Tak - 2014 conclave, he said: "Give some time to the government, we will bring the black money. We are working in the right direction." The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) president said the government is taking all necessary steps to clear the bottlenecks. "Special Investigations Team, (SIT) which had not been constituted for the last three years, has been formed now and black money has been made an issue on the international forum...," he said. "I am sure that we will be successful and will bring back black money," Shah said.

	Source: IANS
 2014-12-12 12:49:02 PM








				Woman tries self-immolation outside Badal's residence				

	A woman was admitted on Thursday to a government hospital in Chandigarh with over 20 percent burns after she set herself ablaze outside the residence of Punjab Chief Minister Parkash Singh Badal, police said. Gurpreet Kaur, who hails from Gurdaspur district, came to the chief minister's residence and wanted to meet him. Unable to meet Badal, she poured kerosene on herself and set herself ablaze, a police officer said. Security personnel at Badal's official residence tried to douse the fire and the woman was rushed to the Government Multi-Speciality Hospital in Sector 16. A police officer said the woman has been trying to meet Badal for the last few days and took the step as she was unable to do so.

	Source: IANS
 2014-12-12 12:47:03 PM



				Modi congratulates Sikkim CM for completing 20 years in office				

	Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday congratulated Sikkim Chief Minister Pawan Kumar Chamling for completing 20 years in office, terming it an "admirable accomplishment". "I congratulate Pawan Kumar Chamling on completing 20 years in office as Sikkim CM. It is truly an admirable accomplishment," he said in a tweet. Sikkim Democratic Front's Pawan Kumar Chamling became chief minister in 1994.

	Source: IANS
 2014-12-12 12:44:18 PM



				BJP alliance with Akali Dal intact: Amit Shah				

	BJP president Amit Shah on Friday dismissed rumours that its alliance with long-time partner Akali Dal is in trouble and blamed the media for the speculation. Speaking at the Agenda Aaj Tak - 2014 conclave, Shah said a political alliance works out only when both the partners respect and understand each other's strengths. He said the alliance can work only on this understanding. "We never broke up with the Shiv Sena. We gave them an offer, but unfortunately it refused," the BJP president said. "I believe the interaction that I have had with Badal sahab (Punjab Chief Minister Prakash Singh Badal)...All is well between our parties. It is only the media that is making these speculations and it should stop doing this," Shah said.

	Source: IANS
 2014-12-12 12:42:28 PM



				Protest in Lok Sabha over eulogising Godse				

	The Lok Sabha on Friday witnessed protests by opposition members over the issue of Mahatma Gandhi's assassin Nathuram Godse being eulogised by a Bharatiya Janata Party MP. The Congress issued notices for the suspension of the question hour as well as the adjournment motion, which were dismissed by Speaker Sumitra Mahajan. Congress leader Mallikarjun Kharge said the killer of Mahatma Gandhi was being praised, "which is a serious matter". Members of the opposition also gathered near the speaker's podium and shouted slogans like "Hey Ram", forcing her to adjourn the house for 10 minutes, till 11.25 a.m. On Thursday, the issue disrupted the Rajya Sabha.

	Source: IANS
 2014-12-12 12:39:35 PM



				Saradha scam: Bengal minister Mitra arrives in CBI office				

	West Bengal Transport Minister Madan Mitra on Friday appeared before the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) for questioning in the multi-crore rupee Saradha scam. Mitra, who was summoned by the CBI for the second time, reached the CGO Complex in New Delhi at 11 a.m., officials said. The CBI had summoned Mitra on Nov 18 for the first time but he could not appear on health grounds. After undergoing treatment at a private hospital initially, on Nov 20 Mitra was admitted to the state-run S.S.K.M. Hospital from where he was discharged Nov 26. Denying any involvement in the scam, Mitra after getting discharged from the hospital, had asserted he would cooperate with the CBI whenever it called him for questioning. A few Trinamool leaders including Rajya Sabha members Kunal Ghosh and Srinjoy Bose are already behind the bars in connection with the scam.

	Source: IANS
 2014-12-12 12:13:30 PM







				India will become 'Congress free' soon: Shah				

	BJP president Amit Shah on Friday said "the day was not far" when the country would become "Congress free" as the people want development and are thus voting for the BJP. Speaking at Agenda Aaj Tak - 2014, Shah said the Congress party was slowly sinking into oblivion as suggested by the results of the recently concluded state election where the party got a major drubbing. "In the 2014 general election, the people of India gave a clear mandate to BJP. In the 15 administration units in the country there is no Congress leadership neither is the leader of opposition in the parliament from Congress." "The day is not far when we will achieve our goal of Congress Mukt Bharat (Congress free India)," added Shah.

	Source: IANS
 2014-12-12 11:34:44 AM



				NCP raises finger on BJP over Agra "Conversions"				

	Nationalist Congress Party has addes itself amongst parties holding BJP responsible for the controversial Agra "Conversions". NCP leader Tariq Anwar on Friday said that there was a big role played by the BJP led central government in the conversions where close to 200 people were converted into Hinduism by a religious group closely associated with BJP. "The central government is involved in the process of religion conversions. The false issue which Prime Minister Narendra Modi propagated before elections against the UPA is being practiced by him now," he alleged.

	Source: News Reports
 2014-12-12 11:30:21 AM



				Will not allow RSS to carry out 'anti-national activities' in Delhi: AAP				

	The last ruling party in Delhi- AAP seems to be gearing up for the upcoming fresh assembly elections in an energetic fashion. The part has expressed its views in the wake of recent Agra 'Conversions' that if brought to power again, it will not allow any activity carried out by RSS that is anti-national or propagates hatred towards any community. In reply to a question by a media person, AAP's Delhi convener Ashutosh said, "As per today, according to the law, the RSS is allowed to hold shakas. But if it conducts any activity which is anti-national in nature, or anything that promotes enmity towards a particular religion, which will lead to instigation of violence, then we will take action."

	Source: News Reports
 2014-12-12 11:20:37 AM



				BJP lends support to Ram Naik on 'Ram Mandir' remarks				

	The Uttar Pradesh governer Ram Naik finds a big time supporter in BJP over his remarks about the Ayodhya Ram Mandir/Babri Masjid issue. BJP general secretary Sidharth Singh has said, “Is it wrong to be a follower of Ram? Is it wrong to wish for a grand Ram Temple at Ayodhya?” The UP governer had said yesterday that, "Ram Mandir should be built as soon as possible. That is the wish of the Indian citizens and the wish should be fulfilled."

	Source: News Reports
 2014-12-12 11:05:22 AM



				Himalayan states discuss climate change				

	Climate change and the bulging population are reasons for the rising temperature in Himalayan states, BJP leader Anurag Thakur said on Thursday as nine Himalayan states discussed the issue. "If apple orchards have moved upwards in height and there is an increase of 4-5 degrees in temperature, the reason must be seen in population increase and climate change," he said at the conclave of Himalayan states in New Delhi. The regional consultation organised by GLOBE-India in association with Indian Environment Law Offices and Integrated Mountain Initiative focused on the effects of climate change in the region and explored ways to mitigate it. The representatives of the nine Himalayan states also demanded a special ministry for Himalayan affairs, said a statement.

	Source: IANS
 2014-12-12 10:57:04 AM



				Putin leaves after one-day visit to India				

	Russian President Vladimir Putin left Delhi on Thursday night at the end of his one-day visit to India. During the visit, Putin took part in the annual summit-level talks with Prime Minister Narendra Modi. The two countries inked a number of agreements in the field of energy, defence and trade. The annual summit talks are alternatively hosted by Moscow and New Delhi.

	Source: IANS
 2014-12-12 10:46:55 AM



				Hindu groups threat to India's foreign ties: Left Front				

	Alleging a nexus between West Bengal' ruling Trinamool Congress and the BJP, the Left Front on Thursday came down hard on Hindu nationalist groups like the Bajrang Dal for disrupting the country's "communal harmony" and threatening foreign relations. Addressing a rally in Kolkata against the central government's "anti-people policies", Front Chairman Biman Bose said the Narendra Modi government was more focused at ensuring the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) flourished than bringing back the black money stashed in foreign tax havens. "The RSS, Bajrang Dal and other outfits are disrupting communal harmony and are ruining India's friendly relationship with other countries. Many Muslims were converted in Agra by these organisations with the lure of money and house," Bose said at the rally.

	Source: IANS
 2014-12-12 10:44:28 AM



				Delhi government bans e-rickshaws on 236 roads				

	The Delhi government on Thursday banned the plying of e-rickshaws on 236 roads in the capital. A notification issued by transport department was approved by the Lt. Governor Najeeb Jung. It was issued under section 115 of the Motor Vehicles Act, 1988 (Act 59 of 1988).

	Source: IANS
 2014-12-12 10:31:38 AM



				Government dedicated to upliftment of farmers: Minister				

	The government on Thursday said it was dedicated to the economic development of farmers. "It is our aim to strengthen villages and farmers," Agriculture Minister Radha Mohan Singh said replying to a discussion in the Rajya Sabha. "The problems of agriculture are a result of faulty policies of past... now a poor man's son is the prime minister. We will take the comforts of the city to villages," the minister said. "The Centre and states will have to come together... we also need to correct certain flaws in policies," he added. He said the central government has been calling meetings with state officials to ensure smooth implementation of agriculture schemes. "We will try to sit with all state officials by January and ensure implementation of all agriculture-related schemes," said the minister.

	Source: IANS
 2014-12-12 10:30:01 AM



				Kerala Congress to probe 'false' news about Rahul				

	The Congress party in Kerala has constituted a five-member team to ascertain if any Congress leader was behind a false news that was played up by the print and electronic media when party vice-president Rahul Gandhi was in Thiruvananthapuram. Gandhi was surprised to hear on television on Wednesday while waiting at the airport on his return that Chief Minister Oommen Chandy and Home Minister Ramesh Chennithala had complained to him about the style of functioning of state party chief V.M. Sudheeran, said a statement issued by party general secretary Thampanoor Ravi to the press on Thursday.
 2014-12-12 10:25:49 AM



				Three policemen injured in Kashmir grenade blast				

	Three policemen were injured on Thursday evening in a grenade attack by militants in Jammu and Kashmir's Anantnag town, police said. "Three policemen were injured today evening when militants lobed a grenade at Sherbagh police post in Anantnag," a senior police officer said late last night. "The injured have been removed to hospital for treatment. Doctors have referred one of the injured policemen with critical injuries to Srinagar for specialised treatment," he added. Anantnag assembly constituency goes to polls in the fourth phase of the five-phase Jammu and Kashmir assembly elections Dec 14.

	Source: IANS
 2014-12-12 10:02:18 AM



				BJP will make Kashmir crown of India: Amit Shah				

	BJP president Amit Shah on Thursday hit out at the Omar Abdullah government in Jammu and Kashmir for its "slow" rehabilitation process after the September floods and alleged mismanagement of central relief funds, while promising his party would make the state the best in the country, if voted to power. "Government of India provided Rs.1,700 crore special assistance to the state government for the rehabilitation of flood victims. But I want to ask Omar Abdullah where the money went. Wherever I have been in Kashmir, people have complained about inadequate response of the state government," Shah said at an Bharatiya Janata Party poll rally in Srinagar. He said many states of the country have progressed but Kashmir has remained behind because of "family-run" parties.

	Source: IANS
 2014-12-12 09:49:16 AM



News Capsules



2015-02-25
Punjab Civic Bodies Elections - scenario at 12:30 PMHC notice to Nadda on plea seeking probe into AIIMS graftMadhya Pradesh exam scam: FIR against governor, 100 others Modi calls for closer ties with KuwaitCivic bodies polls underway in Punjab43.41 percent polling recorded in Punjab civic polls till noonBanerjee calls for withdrawal of 'draconian' land ordinancePhotos show Rahul Gandhi in UttarakhandDelhi halves power tariff, gives 20,000 litres free water Punjab Civic Bodies Polling Stats at 4 PMConvert Jinnah House into Maulana Azad memorial: CongressKejriwal joins Hazare, says won't allow forcible takeover of land  

2015-02-24
Punjab civic polls tomorrow, government declares holidayDelhi assembly sees clapping, sloganeering on first dayMufti Sayeed to be sworn in Jammu and Kashmir CM March 1BJP to launch agitation in Uttar PradeshNitish Kumar opposes land acquisition billDifferent languages spice up Delhi assembly oath-takingModi greets Jayalalithaa on her birthdayWon't allow forcible takeover of land in Delhi: KejriwalModi condoles deaths in Bangladesh ferry accidentWill offer Leader of Opposition post to BJP: Delhi speakerJ&K government to be sworn in on 1 MarchLand acquisition amendment bill introduced in LS 

2015-02-23
AAP legislator booked for rioting, assaultKejriwal may meet HazareNothing new in president's address: CongressKodiyeri Balakrishnan is new CPI-M Kerala secretaryGovernment reinvigorated relations with neighbours: PresidentWas ordinary student, had bad hand-writing: ModiModi congratulates Nitish Kumar on becoming chief minister of BiharInclusive growth top priority of government: PresidentRunning parliament smoothly a collective responsibility: ModiGovernment emphasising on clean energy: PresidentRahul Gandhi to skip budget session, takes leave of absenceCPI-M's last and final call for Achuthanandan to attend conference 

2015-02-22
Counting of Votes for Punjab Municipal and Civic Bodies Elections on ThursdayFour candidates already elected unopposedCongress wants deployment of central forces in the ongoing Punjab municipal electionsCongress accusses Akalis of threating in FaridkotPunjab civic body polls today 
























Election Commission

Andhra Pradesh EC
Odisha EC
Sikkim EC
Maharastra EC
Haryana EC
Delhi Election Commission



Political Parties

Indian National Congress
Bahujan Samaj Party
Communist Party of India
Communist Party of India (M)
Nationalist Congress Party
Bharatiya Janata Party



Political Leaders

Narendra Modi
Arvind Kejriwal
Manmohan Singh
Sonia Gandhi
Rahul Gandhi
Pranab Mukherjee



Chief Electoral Officer

Andhra Pradesh CEO
Odisha CEO
Sikkim CEO
Maharastra CEO
Haryana CEO
Delhi CEO



General Elections

Andhra Pradesh 
Odisha
Sikkim
Maharastra
Haryana 
Arunachal Pradesh



Previous Results

2009
2004
1999
1998
1996
1992



Government of India

Ministers of India
Chief Ministers of India
Governors in India
President of India
Vice President of India
MP's of India







Compare Infobase Limited (ISO 9001:2000 Certified Company)Copyright elections.in All right reservedfeedback@elections.in

About UsDisclaimerPrivacy PolicySitemapContact Us











 



