Officially declared candidates for the 2015/2016 General Election | Irish Elections: Geography, Facts and Analyses 


Officially declared candidates for the 2015/2016 General Election | Irish Elections: Geography, Facts and Analyses







Irish Elections: Geography, Facts and Analyses


Elections in the Republic of Ireland (and occasionally other elections!)  from a geographical perspective:  maps, election boundaries, party  vote patterns, turnout levels





Skip to content
HomeAbout Adrian Kavanagh/Contact Details







← Mixed fortunes for the Opposition parties! Constituency-level analysis of the Irish Times-Ispos MRBI opinion poll (9th October 2014)
Independents Day again: Constituency-level analysis of the Sunday Business Post-Red C opinion poll (26th October 2014) →


Officially declared candidates for the 2015/2016 General Election

Posted on October 22, 2014 by Adrian Kavanagh  

Adrian Kavanagh – First posted on 22nd October 2014 – this post will be updated as and when new candidates are selected/declared 
The next general election is literally a matter of months away at this stage, with it scheduled to take place at any stage between now and April 7th 2016, although an Autumn/Winter 2015 date could be a highly likely one in the presumption that the parties making up the present government might find it difficult to agree on a Budget so close to a potential general election date.  In any case, selection conventions for different political parties are likely to commence in the Autumn/Winter of 2014, while independent candidates (both incumbent and non-incumbent) will be declaring their intention to contest the election. As and when these selections/declarations take place, I will be adding new candidate names to this list, in the expectation that names will continue to be added to this list up to the official closing date for nominations for the next general election contest. Of course, some of the candidates initially listed here may well opt to withdraw from the contest as Election Day draws closer.
Note please that the candidates listed here are those who have been officially/formally selected to contest the next general election by their parties, or are independents/non party candidates who have publicly declared their interest in contesting the next general election (as, for instance, with the example of Jonathan Irwin in Kildare South).  I will not add candidates to this list solely on the basis that “they are virtually certain to run”.
A significant number of the current group of incumbents will, of course, be contesting the next general election, though a number of these will also be standing down at this election, as noted in an earlier post.
Web links associated with candidate names (where they exist) are solely for the purpose of substantiating the claim that these candidates will be contesting, or are at least preparing to contest, the next general election. These are not envisaged as being used for the purpose of directing people to the candidate’s own webpages/promoting particular candidates and, where possible, web links will relate to national and local media sources as opposed to political party/candidate webpages/Facebook pages. The latter instances may be used, of course, if no suitable “neutral” source of information is available to substantiate the claim that certain candidates are contesting the next general election.
I will (in an attempt to be impartial) list candidate names in alphabetical order (by surname) here.
Please note: If a candidate is not listed here, it is not a case that I am ignoring them, but it is simply the case that I am not (yet) aware of their candidacy (or else it might be down to the fact that they are not yet officially declared/selected, as noted above)
So, the preliminaries concluded, let’s get to the meat of this particular post. The list of officially declared candidates for the next (2015/2016) General Election, as of now, is:
Carlow-Kilkenny (5):
(The upcoming by-election in this constituency may give some indication as to potential general election contenders. More details on the candidates who have been selected to contest this election (or who have declared their candidatures in this case of non-party candidates) may be viewed at the Carlow-Kilkenny 2015 By-Election candidates post, while there is also reference here to some of the potential by-election  candidates. The Carlow People (10th January 2015) notes that independent councillor, Walter Lacey, has met with Lucinda Creighton and is contemplating whether to join this party and “contest a national election down the line” for it. Fine Gael Dail deputy, Pat Deering, has declared his intention of contesting the election.) 
Cavan-Monaghan (4): John Wilson IND
(John Wilson said that he was considering running as an independent candidate in the next general election but has now confirmed that he will. The Northern Sound website has reported that all five incumbents has declared their interest in contesting the next general election. The Anglo Celt (22nd January 2015) has reported that Cllr. Niamh Smyth is to contest the Fianna Fail selection convention, while former Dail deputy, Margaret Conlon, is also considering her options, while Cllrs. Seamus Coyle and Robbie Gallagher have also expressed an interest in seeking the Fianna Fail nomination. The January 29th edition of The Anglo Celt notes that three people have confirmed interest in contesting the Fianna Fail selection convention – Deputy Brendan Smith and Cllr. Smyth and Coyle. This article also noted that Sen. Kathryn Reilly is putting her name forward to contest the Sinn Fein convenion. )
Clare (4): 
(Shannon Independent councillor, Gerry Flynn, is considering his options in terms of a run in the next general election. He has noted that financial considerations may determine whether he contests the election or not. The Irish Independent has noted that Fine Gael senator, Martin Conway, may be contemplating the prospect of contesting this election for the new political party involving Deputy Lucinda Creighton. Fine Gael senator, Martin Conway, according to a Clare People article, has argued that the party will struggle to hold their two seats in that constituency if he is not one of the Fine Gael candidates. Clare GAA County Board chairman, Michael “Malty” McDonagh is seeking to contest the election as a Fianna Fail candidate and has called on the party to hold an immediate selection convention and to run three candidates with the aim of taking two seats in Clare. Rita McInerney has also confirmed her intention to contest the Fianna Fail selection convention, as also has Dr. John Hillery (who contested the 2011 election), while Cllr. Clare Colleran-Molloy has also expressed an interest in seeking the Fianna Fail nomination, according to a report in the Clare Champion)
Cork East (4): Claire Cullinane IND
(The Irish Examiner has noted that Cllr. Claire Cullinane has declared her intention to contest this constituency. Senator Paul Bradford is undecided as yet as to whether he will contest the next general election here for the new political party, being led by his wife, Lucinda Creighton TD although a report in the Irish Examiner suggests that he is likely to contest this election. Sean Sherlock has announced his intention to contest the next general election, but the Labour selection convention has yet to take place. Cllr. Aaron O’Sullivan has announced his intention to contest the Fianna Fail selection convention for this constituency, as also has Cllr. Kevin O’Keeffe. Cllr. Frank O’Flynn may also contest this selection convention.)
Cork North-Central (4): Billy Kelleher FF
(Billy Kelleher will be contesting the Fianna Fail convention according to a report on TheJournal.ie – he was selected to contest the election for the party at a selection convention on 15th December. In an article in the Evening Echo (21 January), Deputy Kathleen Lynch stated that she intended to contest the next election. The Labour Party convention looks likely to be a contested one, given that Sen. John Gilroy has also confirmed that he wants to be the Labour candidate in this constituency. Senator Colm Burke has announced his intention to seek a nomination to contest this constituency for Fine Gael.)
Cork North-West (3): Steven O’Riordan IND
(Millstreet based, Steven O’Riordan, the brother of disability rights campaigner, Joanne O’Riordan, is running as an independent candidate in this constituency, as noted on The Irish Times website on 3rd February 2015. Cllr. John Paul O’Shea will make a decision over the next few weeks as to whether he will contest the election and also as to whether he will run in Cork North-West or Cork East if he decides to run.)
Cork South-Central (4): Micheal Martin FF, Michael McGrath FF, Jim O’Connell PBPA
(Michael McGrath and Micheal Martin were to contest the Fianna Fail convention according to a report on TheJournal.ie – they were both selected to contest the election at this convention, which took place on 12th December. The Evening Echo has noted that Cllr. Donnchadh Ó Laoghaire will be seeking a nomination to contest this constituency for Sinn Fein and has suggested that the party may opt for a two-candidate strategy, involving Cllr. Chris O’Leary also. The Sinn Fein selection convention was held on 21st February 2015, but this ended in a tie between O Laoghaire and O’Leary and the convention will now be re-run at a later date, in accordance with party rules.)
Cork South-West (3): Rachel McCarthy SF
(Independent councillor, Michael Collins, said (after topping the poll in the West Cork electoral area in May) that he was contemplating being a candidate at the next general election. Cllr. Margaret Murphy O’Mahony has announced her intention to seek a Fianna Fail nomination to contest this constituency.According to The Southern Star, the Fianna Fail convention will also be contested by Gillian Coughlan and Senator Denis O’Donovan. After considering his options, Cllr. Alan Coleman has also decided to contes the Fianna Fail selection convention, as reported in The Southern Star (11th February 2015).  According to The Southern Star (10th January 2015), meetings were to be held during the weekend of 10/11 January 2015 between Shane Ross and independents, Michael Collins and Declan Hurley. Cllr. Rachel McCarthy announced her attention to seek the Sinn Fein party nomination to contest this constituency. This convention took place on 20th February 2015 in Clonakilty,chaired by Jonathan O’Brien TD, and Rachel McCarthy was selected at this.
Donegal (5): Pearse Doherty SF, Padraig MacLochlainn SF, John O’Donnell IND
(Local media reports note that Sinn Fein is contemplating running three candidates in this constituency at the next general election. Sinn Fein went on select their two incumbent Dail deputies, Pearse Doherty and Padraig MacLochlainn, at the party convention on 23rd February 2015, but will consider adding a third candidate in the next few months. Peter Casey from Dragons Den has announced that he intends to contest the next general election as an independent candidate, but has not decided yet on whether to run in Donegal or a Dublin constituency. Lucinda Creighton has announced that the new party that she is involved with will run one or two candidates, depending on “the candidates and the geography”, in Donegal at the next election. According to a report on TheJournal.ie, former Tanaiste, Mary Coughlan, is considering her options in terms of whether or not to seek a Fianna Fail nomination to contest the general election. This has also been reported on the Donegal Now website. The January 26th 2015 edition of The Donegal News reported that the Killybegs Comhairle Ceanntair has nominated her to contest the Fianna Fail selection convention, although she has yet to decide whether or not she will be accepting this nomination. The January 23rd 2015 edition of The Donegal News noted that Cllr. John O’Donnell has confirmed that he will contest the general election. This same edition of the paper mentioned Cllr. Seamus O’Domhnaill, Sen. Brian O’Domhnaill and former MEP, Pat the Cope Gallagher, in addition to Deputy Charlie McConalogue, as being others who could also be potentially interested in contesting the Fianna Fail selection convention.)
Dublin Central (3):
Dublin Mid-West (4): Francis Timmons IND
(According a report on TheJournal.ie, former TD and government whip, John Curran, is contemplating whether, or not, to contest the Fianna Fail selection convention here, as also is sitting councillor, Trevor Gilligan.)
Dublin Fingal (5): Darragh O’Brien FF, Joe O’Brien GP, Roslyn Fuller IND
(The Green Party selection convention took place on 25th November and Joe O’Brien was selected. Darragh O’Brien was to contest the Fianna Fail convention according to a report on the journal.ie with the North County Leader claiming that the party will be selecting just one candidate at the convention, with a strong possibility that O’Brien will be unopposed. This convention  took place on 16th December and O’Brien was selected. As noted in the 15-31 January edition of Metro Ireland, Dr. Roslyn Fuller is to contest this constituency as an independent candidate.)
Dublin Bay North (5):
(Dick O’Leary from Coolock has said that he is contemplating being an independent candidate in the next general election. Finian McGrath “seems certain to contest the next general election as a member of the Alliance headed by TDs Shane Ross and Michael Fitzmaurice”, according to an article in the Dublin People.  The same article suggests that, while he is favourable towards the new party being formed by Lucinda Creighton, Deputy Terence Flanagan has yet to decide whether to run for this party at the next election.)
Dublin North-West (3): Dessie Ellis SF
(Dessie Ellis TD was selected to contest the constituency for Sinn Fein at the party’s selection convention on 17th February 2015. Cllr. Paul McAuliffe has announced his intention to contest the Fianna Fail selection convention.)
Dublin Rathdown (3): Catherine Martin GP
(A report in the Irish Times has noted that Alex White will contest this constituency and will not instead move into the neighbouring Dublin South-West five seater. Cllr. Liam Dockery, Cllr. Shay Brennan and Senator Mary White have all declared their intention to contest the Fianna Fail selection convention.)
Dublin South-Central (4): Aengus O Snodaigh SF, Bríd Smith PBPA, Richard Murray IND
(Deputy Aengus O Snodaigh was nominated to contest this constituency at the Sinn Fein convention on 4th February 2015. The Green Party convention here is likely to take place in early April.)
Dublin Bay South (4): Chris Andrews SF, Eamon Ryan GP, Lucinda Creighton
(Lucinda Creighton TD will contest this constituency for the new political party, being formed by her and others.  A report on TheJournal.ie noted that Eamon Ryan will seek to contest this constituency for the Green Party – he would be effectively moving constituency but he was a councillor in this area before he won a Dail seat in Dublin South in 2002. This was confirmed in his selection to contest this constituency in January 2015. Chris Andrews was selected to contest this constituency for Sinn Fein at the party convention on 5th February 2015.)
Dublin South-West (5): Deirdre O’Donovan IND*
(Cllr. Deirdre O’Donovan announced on NewsTalk on 4th February 2015 that she would be contesting Dublin South West as a member of the Independents Alliance, involving Deputy Shane Ross and other independents.)
Dublin West (4): Paul Donnelly SF
(David McGuinness has confirmed that he will be seeking a nomination to contest this constituency as a Fianna Fail candidate. A report in the Irish Independent suggests that Mary Fitzpatrick is looking to move from Dublin Central to contest the election for Fianna Fail in this constituency, given that her Navan Road base was moved from Dublin Central into Dublin West in the 2012 Constituency Commission boundary changes.)
Dun Laoghaire (4*):
(As things stand, this will effectively be a three-seat constituency at the next general election, as Ceann Comhairle, Sean Barrett, would be returned automatically, however a recent Irish Times report suggest he may decide not to contest this. Media reports expect that the Fianna Fail convention in this constituency will be hotly contested, with the party’s four councillors in this constituency – Jennifer Cuffe, Kate Feeney, Mary Hanafin and Cormac Devlin – all expected to contest this.)
Galway East (3): Sean Canney IND
Galway West (5): Trevor Ó Clochartaigh SF, Catherine Connolly IND, James Charity IND, Fidelma Healy-Eames IND
(Local media sources suggest that the Fianna Fail convention will be held early in 2015 and the party may opt to select three candidates (including one female candidate). A report in the Galway Advertiser suggests that Cllr. Martina Kinnane is well placed to be selected as one of those two or three candidates. The Western People (5th January 2015) noted that Mayo TD, John O’Mahony, may decide to contest this constituency given that part of his support base was moved into Galway West in the 2012 Constituency Commission boundary amendments. Trevor O Clochartaigh was selected as the Sinn Fein candidate at a convention on 31st January 2015. This convention was also contested by Cllr. Mairéad Farrell. Cllr. Catherine Connolly announced that she would be contesting the election on Radio na Gaeltachta in February 2015. Senator Fidelma Healy-Eames, formerly a member of Fine Gael, has announced that she will contest this constituency as an independent candidate.)
Kerry County (5):
(There is speculation that former Kerry footballer, Darragh Ó Sé, may be interested in contesting the election as a Fianna Fail candidate. Tralee councillor, Norma Foley, will be contesting the Fianna Fail selection convention. A report on the Radio Kerry website noted that former Dail deputies, John O’Donoghue and Tom McEllistrim, have declared their intention to contest the Fianna Fail convention, with Senator Mark Daly and Cllr. John Brassil also having expressed an interest. A West Cork Times report confirmed that Mark Daly would the party nomination at the selection convention. Cllr. Michael O’Shea has also stated that he intends to contest the selection convention as also has Cllr. Niall Kelleher. A number of other councillors – Norma Moriarty, John Joe Culloty, Niall Kelleher and John Francis Flynn – were said to be still considering on whether or not to contest the Fianna Fail nomination. It is expected that the Fianna Fail selection convention will take place at the end of March. Reports suggest that only one candidate will be selected at the Fianna Fail selection convention. Martin Ferris TD has yet to confirm whether he will be contesting the election, or not, for Sinn Fein.) 
Kildare North (4):  Réada Cronin SF
(James Lawless announced his intention to seek a Fianna Fail nomination to contest the election at a meeting in Sallins on 12th January 2015. Réada Cronin was selected to contest this constituency for Sinn Fein on 30th January 2015)
Kildare South (3): Jonathan Irwin IND, Patricia Ryan SF
(The Sinn Fein convention took place on Sunday 1st February 2015 in Athy. Tricia Ryan from Monasterevin was selected at this. This was a contested convention, according to The Kildare Nationalist (17th February 2015), with Cllr. Sorcha O’Neill from Naas also contesting this.)
Laois (3): John Whelan LAB
(The first of the Labour Party selection conventions took place on 16th February for this constituency and Senator John Whelan was selected unopposed.) 
Offaly (3): John Leahy
(The Fianna Fail selection convention will take place on 26th February 2015. A report in the Tullamore Tribune has suggested that the party may just run one candidate in this constituency. Cllr. John Leahy will contest this constituency for the new political party, being formed by Lucinda Creighton TD and others. Cllr. Brendan Killeavy (Sinn Fein) announced on his Facebook page on 23rd February 2015 that he would not be seeking to contest the election for personal reasons. According to The Midland Tribune, Cllr. Carol Nolan has put her name forward to contest the Sinn Fein selection convention, while Cllr. Martin O’Reilly is still considering his options.)
Limerick City (4): Willie O’Dea FF, Maurice Quinlivan SF
(Michael Noonan has confirmed to the Limerick Leader that he intends to contest the general election. The Limerick Leader has reported that Fianna Fail are expected to run just one candidate – Willie O’Dea – in this constituency at the next general election. The Fianna Fail convention is scheduled to take place on Thursday 22nd January, as noted in the Limerick Leader. At this point in time Fianna Fail are pursuing a one candidate strategy here, according to the Limerick Post, which led to Cllr. James Collins deciding not to contest the party selection convention. Willie O’Dea was selected (unopposed) as the Fianna Fail candidate at the party selection convention on 22nd January 2015. Cllr. Maurice Quinlivan was selected (unopposed) as the Sinn Fein candidate at the party selection convention on 19th February 2015.)
Limerick (3): Niall Collins FF, James Heffernan IND
(Niall Collins and Eddie Ryan were to contest the Fianna Fail nomination on 11th December 2014 – Niall Collins was selected at this. Cllr. Emmet O’Brien is also contemplating where he will contest the elections as an independent candidate.)
Longford-Westmeath (4): Paul Hogan SF, Gerry Warnock IND, Kevin “Boxer” Moran IND
(Fianna Fail deputy, Robert Troy, intends to contest this election, as also does Cllr. Aengus O’Rourke, who contested the 2014 by-election in this constituency for Fianna Fail. Longford councillor, Seamus Butler, has announced his intention to contest the Fianna Fail party selection convention. The Longford Leader (16th January 2015) noted that he was likely to be challenged by Pat O’Rouke in his bid for be the Longford-based Fianna Fail candidate. O’Rourke subsequently confirmed that he would be seeking a Fianna Fail nomination to contest the general election. Philip Reynolds, the son of former Taoiseach, Albert Reynolds, was approached about putting his name forward to contest the Fianna Fail convention, but he has declined to contest this election. Fine Gael deputy, James Bannon, has announced his intention of contesting the next general election. Independent councillor, Michael O’Brien, is contemplating whether to run in the next general election or not, potentially for the independent alliance being formed by Shane Ross. James Morgan, who ran as an independent candidate in the by-election, has held meetings with Michael Fitzmaurice TD but has yet to decide on whether he will be contesting the next general election. He also held a meeting with Lucinda Creighton in early January 2015, according to reports in the Longford Leader (9th/16th January 2015). Paul Hogan was selected to contest the election as the Sinn Fein candidate at a convention on 29th January 2015.)
Louth (5): Gerry Adams SF, Imelda Munster SF
(With Seamus Kirk retiring from national politics at the next general election, councillors Liam Reilly and Declan Breathnach have both announced their intentions of contesting the Fianna Fail selection convention. Drogheda-based barrister, Anthony Moore, will also be contesting this selection convention. Party leader, Gerry Adams TD and Cllr. Imelda Munster were both selected at the Sinn Fein party selection convention on 23rd February 2015.)
Mayo (4):
(Cllr. Lisa Chambers has been endorsed by the Fianna Fail Castlebar Cumann to be a candidate for the party at the next general election. Cllr. Christy Hyland is considering whether he will the next election as an independent candidate, potentially as part of the independent alliance involving Shane Ross and other independent politicians. A report in the Mayo News notes that Shane Ross met with Cllr. Hyland during the Christmas holidays, but he also met with other independent councillors, Michael Kilcoyne, Gerry Ginty and Seamus Weir, while the Connaught Telegraph (6th January 2015) also noted that he met with Cllr. Richard Finn. The 6th January 2015 edition of the Connaught Telegraph also noted that John O’Mahony could be potentially put forward to take up the position of Ceann Comhairle if Sean Barrett were to step down before the election was called. However, the following week’s edition (13th January 2015) suggested that Michael Ring would be more likely to take this position if it a decision was to be made to appoint a Mayo-based TD to this position. The Connaught Telegraph (24th February 2015) reported that Cllr. Therese Ruane would not be contesting the Sinn Fein selection convention.)
Meath East (3): Thomas Byrne FF, Dominic Hannigan LAB, Darren O’Rourke SF
(The Fianna Fail selection convention was to take place in early February 2015. Senator Thomas Byrne was to contest this. He was selected as the Fianna Fail candidate at this convention on 5th February 2015. Cllr. Darren O’Rourke was selected to contest the election for Sinn Fein at a convention on 22nd January 2015. Dominic Hannigan TD was selected to contest Meath East as the Labour Party candidate on 24th February 2015.)
Meath West (3): Peadar Tóibín SF
(Shane Cassells has announced his intention to contest the Fianna Fail selection convention. Deputy Peadar Tóibín was selected as the Sinn Fein candidate at a party convention on 5th February 2015.)
Roscommon-Galway (3):
(Fianna Fail by-election candidate, Ivan Connaughton, seems unlikely to be in contention for a nomination here after calling for the resignation of party leader, Micheal Martin, and claiming he would not contest the nomination if the party leadership remained as was. A report on the Shannonside radio website suggests that Balygar GP, Martin Daly, might potentially be a Fianna Fail candidate in this constituency. At the Longford Women’s Link seminar on 30th January 2015, Cllr. Kathleen Shanagher said that she had not ruled out the prospect of contesting the election.)
Sligo-Leitrim (4):
(Speculation in the Leitrim Observer (28th January 2015) as to likely candidates for the Fianna Fail selection convention has noted Sen. Marc McSharry and former deputy, Eamon Scanlon, as being potential candidates for the Sligo/south Donegal part of the constituency, with the potential names being mentioned for the Leitrim/west Cavan part of the constituency including Cllrs. Sinead Guckian, Paddy O’Rourke and John Paul Feely. Deputy Michael Colreavy will not be contesting this election for Sinn Fein, but Leitrim councillor and Roscommon-South Leitrim by-election candidate, Martin Kenny, has indicated that he intends to contest the Sinn Fein selection convention here. Senator Michael Comiskey has announced that he intends to contest the Fine Gael selection convention – the Ocean FM site suggests that the two incumbents, Tony McLaughlin TD and John Perry TD are likely to also contest this, as well as Leitrim-based Cllr. John McCartin.)
Tipperary (5):
(Cllr. Richie Molloy has come out in support of the new political party involving Lucinda Creighton and others, but has not confirmed that he intends to seek to run in the next election as a candidate for this party.)
Waterford (4): David Cullinane SF
(A report in the October 7th 2014 edition of The Munster Express noted that Kieran Hartley, who ran in the European Elections, has been asked to consider running for Fianna Fail. Former independent councillor, Eddie Mulligan, who recently joined Fianna Fail, has also expressed interest in running in the general election. The Munster Express (20th January 2015) has noted that Cllr. Mary Butler has put her name forward to contest the Fianna Fail selection convention, while it was announced in the 27th January 2015 edition of The Munster Express that Cllr. Jason Murphy would also be contesting the Fianna Fail selection convention. David Cullinane was selected to contest this constituency for Sinn Fein on 30th January 2015.)
Wexford (5): Johnny Mythen SF
(In an interview on the Pat Kenny show on Newstalk on 7th January 2015, Brendan Howlin said that he intended to contest the next general election. Due to health problems, Fianna Fail deputy, John Browne, has yet to confirm whether he will seek to contest the next election but is expected to make a decision ahead of a party selection convention in April. Cllr. Johnny Mythen was selected as the Sinn Fein candidate at the party convention on 23rd February 2015. This convention was also contested by Roisin O’Connor from Foulksmills in New Ross, according to the South East Radio website.)
Wicklow (5): John Brady SF, Joe Behan IND
(Cllr. John Brady was selected as the Sinn Fein candidate at the party convention on 16th February 2015. Cllr Pat Casey has announced his intention to contest the Fianna Fail selection convention in this constituency.)
I currently estimate that there are 52 officially selected/declared general election candidates so far, based on the information that I’ve managed to attain.

19 are Sinn Fein candidates (21.1% female, 78.9% male)
17 of these are non-party candidates (29.4% female, 70.6% male)
7 are Fianna Fail candidates (0.0% female, 100.0% male)
3 are Green Party candidates (33.3% female, 66.7% male)
2 are “Reboot Ireland” candidates (50.0% female, 50.0% male
2 are People Before Profit Alliance candidates (50.0% female, 50.0% male
2 are Labour Party candidates (0.0% female, 100.0% male)

Twelve of these 52 candidates are female (23.1% of the total).
Thanks to the following people for following on information in relation to candidate selections/declarations and party selection conventions: Robert Quaile, Claire McGing, Emma Murphy, Roslyn Fuller, Keith Bermingham, Seadhna Logan, Sorcha Ní Chéilleachair, Niall Kavanagh, Réada Cronin, David Flynn, Joe O’Brien, Joe Lynch, Meath East Labour, Kevin Higgins, Óisín Ó hAlmháin, Philip Slattery, Maurice Quinlivan, Joe Barret, Jim O’Connell, Derek Mooney, Seán Mac Brádaigh, Jason Doyle, Owen O’Shea, Irish Political Quotes, Peter Horgan.
Share this:TwitterFacebookLinkedInEmailGoogleLike this:Like Loading...

Related
 


 

About Adrian Kavanagh
							Lecturer in the Maynooth University Department of Geography							

									View all posts by Adrian Kavanagh → 




												This entry was posted in Candidates, Election boundaries, First-time candidates, Gender, General Election and tagged Fianna Fail, Fine Gael, Green Party, Independents, Labour Party, People Before Profit Alliance, Reboot Ireland, Sinn Fein, Socialist Party. Bookmark the permalink.											


← Mixed fortunes for the Opposition parties! Constituency-level analysis of the Irish Times-Ispos MRBI opinion poll (9th October 2014)
Independents Day again: Constituency-level analysis of the Sunday Business Post-Red C opinion poll (26th October 2014) →


2 Responses to Officially declared candidates for the 2015/2016 General Election




 socialistcork says: 

				February 9, 2015 at 2:21 pm 
Jim O’Connell has been selected to run for the People Before Profit Alliance in the constituency of Cork South Central.
More info: peoplebeforeprofitcork@gmail.com


Reply 





 Adrian Kavanagh says: 

				February 9, 2015 at 2:38 pm 
Thanks for that


Reply 






Leave a Reply Cancel reply




Enter your comment here...




Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in:



























 
 


Email (required) (Address never made public)



Name (required)



Website














 You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change )












 You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change )












 You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change )












 You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change )




Cancel
Connecting to %s




 Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email.







 









Search for:



Top Posts & PagesOfficially declared candidates for the 2015/2016 General Election
"Plus ça change, plus c'est la même chose!": Constituency-level analysis of the Sunday Business Post-Red C opinion poll (22nd February 2015)
Confirmed candidates for the Carlow-Kilkenny by-election
Fianna Fail's Markiewicz Report: Where could Fianna Fail run female candidates at the next general election?
Sinn Fein feeling the love on Valentines Day. Constituency-level analysis of the Sunday Independent-Millward Brown opinion poll (15th February 2015)
New general election boundaries with a 158-seat Dail Eireann: the likely scenarios
The Empire strikes back?: Constituency-level analysis of the Paddy Power-Red C (14th January 2015) and Sunday Business Post-Red C (25th January 2015) opinion polls.
Fine Gael's Top Ten Problem/Promising Constituencies ahead of the next General Election
Official Local Elections 2014 results from City and County Council websites 
Sinn Fein candidates for the 2014 Local Elections 
Archives 
February 2015
January 2015
December 2014
November 2014
October 2014
September 2014
August 2014
July 2014
June 2014
May 2014
April 2014
March 2014
February 2014
January 2014
December 2013
November 2013
October 2013
September 2013
August 2013
July 2013
June 2013
May 2013
March 2013
December 2012
November 2012
October 2012
September 2012
July 2012
June 2012
May 2012
April 2012
March 2012
February 2012
January 2012
December 2011
November 2011
October 2011
September 2011
July 2011
June 2011
May 2011
April 2011
March 2011
February 2011
January 2011
December 2010
November 2010

Categories 
by-election

campaign expenditure

Candidates

Candidates Local Elections 2014

Census2011 definitive figures

Connacht-Ulster

Constituency Commission

Constituency information

Dublin

Election boundaries

Election data

Elections outside of Ireland

Electoral Geography (voting maps)

European Elections

First-time candidates

Former TDs

Gender

General Election

Leinster

local elections

Local Elections 2014

Marginality

Ministers

Munster

New Irish

opinion polls

Political Reform

Poll toppers

presidential election

Referendum elections

Retirements

Scotland

Seanad election

Tally figures

Uncategorized

US elections

Voter turnout

Young candidates


Meta 
Register Log in
Entries RSS
Comments RSS
WordPress.com 
Blogroll

Adrian Kavanagh's blog
Ireland After NAMA
Geographical commentary on contemporary economic and social issues in Ireland
NUIM Geography's Eye on the World
Commentary from geographers from NUI Maynooth on contemporary issues
Political Reform.ie website
Must visit site for anyone interested in Irish politics and political reform issues!
PoliticalReform.ie: Adrian Kavanagh posts


Adrian Kavanagh on Twitter

				RT @MidlandsSport: Ireland make it two wins from two in Pool B of the Cricket World Cup, (just about) beating the UAE with a successful 279… 				6 hours ago


				RT @gavreilly: The last general election was four years ago today. 				7 hours ago


				The EuroSong 2015 entries: The five acts in contention to represent Ireland at the 2015 Eurovision Song Contest  wp.me/pJkrI-jA 9 hours ago

Follow @adriankavanagh 






					Irish Elections: Geography, Facts and Analyses				


The Twenty Ten Theme.				Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com.
			



















Follow

Follow “Irish Elections: Geography, Facts and Analyses”

Get every new post delivered to your Inbox.

Join 5,334 other followers








Build a website with WordPress.com








Send to Email Address

Your Name

Your Email Address




Cancel

				Post was not sent - check your email addresses!			

				Email check failed, please try again			

				Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.			




%d bloggers like this:






 




