Just Charley's Blog: Your by-election candidates - a comprehensive run down 
Just Charley's Blog: Your by-election candidates - a comprehensive run down






























































Just Charley's Blog



Analysis and opinions from the centre of the political spectrum.The Just Political ThinkTank. Just and fair. #JustThink




























































































Friday, 14 November 2014








Your by-election candidates - a comprehensive run down







In last Friday's Medway Messenger, editor Bob Bounds said "This
 by-election is about choosing a really good MP for the area, who is 
dedicated to serving this area as well as representing us on the big 
political issues at Westminster."

The candidate who is elected will have 6 months until the General Election to prove that they can do the job and deserve to be re-elected. So how would the 13 candidates fare?

(1) Mark Reckless has been MP for four and a half years until defecting to UKIP. What has he done for you? There's all these problems with Medway Maritime, Medway City Estate traffic and local schools.

Anyway, who would trust a turncoat?

(2) Kelly Tolhurst of the Tories has a six-point plan. Half are the responsibility of Medway Council, but she's already a Councillor. This by-election is about Westminster. Can she stand up for the constituents of Rochester and Strood there? Or just be a puppet for Cameron?

She runs a small business. I'm a member of the FSB (Federation of Small Businesses) and also have over 30 year's experience with start-ups and working with FTSE and multi-national businesses. Experience that counts when discussing tax avoidance, creating jobs, and prosperity.

(3) Labour has Naushabah Khan. A young PR consultant. Enough real-world experience? Just hot air? Nothing on her website about jobs, benefits and other support for the disadvantaged.

Looks like I'll have to do that for Labour voters then. After all my grandad ran Labour's Committee rooms in Cedar Road Strood. 

(4) Geoff Juby of the LibDems. This is all I can find out about him. But what would he do for you? That's not clear from the hustings either.

(5) The Greens are fielding Clive Gregory. Arguably the person who has come out best in the BBC and KM hustings.  Protecting the wildlife of the Hoo Peninsula. But what will he do for the people of Rochester and Strood? Anything beyond saving Lodge Hill in the short term for you, the voters? "Full Monetary Reform" according to his leaflet. It would have to be worldwide! 

(6) Hairy Knorm Davidson is doing his best to brighten up the by-election as the Monster Raving Loony Party. Tangling with politics. Good on you Hairy!

(7) Giving Hairy a run for his money is Mike Barker, He has the laudable but single aim of wanting to deal with the SS Richard Montgomery wreck in the Thames Estuary. But difficult to take him seriously dressed as Father Christmas in early November.

(78) Charlotte Rose is "standing up for sexual freedom". Come on?!

(9) Jayda Fransen represents Britain First.  You'll have to judge whether you would support their aims and tactics. Enough said.

(10) Dave Osborn is standing for the Patriotic Socialist Party. He's talking about jobs and houses. His party seeks to elevate the standards of living for the poorest and most vulnerable in society. But he's not local, and as socialists does the party understand how to best achieve those objectives? Having 30 years' experience in business, I do.  

(11) Nicholas Long of People Before Profit is another person with his heart in the right place. He's not local and the same doubts apply.

(12) Stephen Goldborough is worried about parking charges at Medway Maritime Hospital. Why not? But is this really the highlight of what an MP should be doing? 

ISN'T THERE ANOTHER CANDIDATE?

Indeed there is. Let's go back to what Bob Bounds said "This
 by-election is about choosing a really good MP for the area, who is 
dedicated to serving this area as well as representing us on the big 
political issues at Westminster."



Chris Challis is a local lad who was brought up in Strood, went to Gordon Road Juniors and then Rochester Math. As a Chartered Accountant he has the vision, qualifications, experience and enthusiasm to be the best MP for the people of Rochester and Strood. Working tirelessly within the locality AND in Westminster.

As an independent he won't have to toe the party line. He can stand up for what is best for the people of Rochester and Strood. Here's him being interviewed by the BBC.

This is what he will be doing for you.:








Qualification / Experience




National
  campaigns with local impact







Fix the
  deficit whilst saving the NHS and key public services



Professionally qualified in finance, tax, economics and law. Ideas for tax reform to avoid cuts.




Safer drugs policy 



Parent of teens and 20s. Involved in music festivals




Keeping the lights on and
       business working.



Sciences graduate from Cambridge




Local
  campaigns







Better housing 



Business experience in house-building industry. Hod-carrier building sheltered housing in Rochester 




A better deal for commuters 



Already met SouthEastern management




Restoring City status to Rochester 



Brought up in Strood, schooled at Rochester Math. Let's find a way!




He will also be fighting for the money Medway Council and the local NHS management need to do their jobs. Not interfering:







Medway Maritime Hospital



Both parents looked after there. Finally passed away there despite great care.




Schools



Father taught seniors. Wife and daughter are primary teachers




Road and bus transport in Medway



A teenage hobby was the local bus
  network 




So who would you choose as your MP?


Chris Challis is number 2 on the voting slip at the election on Thursday 20th.


















Posted by



Just Charley




at

12:36











Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest












No comments:







Post a Comment


















Newer Post


Older Post

Home




Subscribe to:
Post Comments (Atom)
















Blog Archive








          ► 
        


2015
(4)





          ► 
        


January
(4)







▼ 

2014
(82)





          ► 
        


December
(24)





▼ 

November
(45)

A ramble through Lodge Hill
The day after the night before. Thoughts on the Ro...
The day after the night before. Thoughts on the Ro...
An MP works in Westminster. Discuss
What about MP surgeries?
Want to see UKIP beaten in Rochester and Strood by...
IN BUSINESS: Self-employed? Or running a business?...
Don't know who to vote for in Rochester and Strood...
Vote for Chris Challis? Here's Why. Let's unite to...
MUMS Who will be the best MP for you and your chil...
RAIL COMMUTERS: Why you're better off voting for C...
Have UKIP and Tories kept within  their £100k expe...
STUDENTS. Take a look at this before voting
Are you a TORY voter? Then worth reading this firs...
Used to vote LABOUR? Or thinking of voting LABOUR ...
This is what ITV found voters thinking in Rocheste...
Thinking of voting for UKIP? Here's why you should...
Why vote for Chris Challis? Best locally? Best to ...
Your by-election candidates - a comprehensive run ...
So what is this by-election all about? What more c...
Let's Dance! Challenge Chris Challis. And have a b...
Ravin' or Misbehavin'? Come and dance with your ne...
Let's unite around what Chris Challis can do for p...
What can your MP realistically do for you? What wi...
Chris Challis is interviewed by BBC
The question I was going to ask at KM hustings. Le...
Last call for Proxy votes for Rochester and Strood...
Hop picker.  Hod carrier. Bet you didn't expect th...
What do you think of the By-election show so far? ...
So what are UKIP's policies? Acceptable for Labour...
Why not become an advocate for Chris Challis? Pros...
By-election: Let's go along to the BBC hustings on...
By-election: So who should you vote for on 20th?
Rochester and Strood Byelection: Still time to app...
So what is Chris going to do for the people of Roc...
Chris Challis for Prime Minister? Hang on a minute...
Betting on the Rochester and Strood by-election. S...
Banned by the BBC. So this is democracy?
Want to vote in Rochester and Strood by-election, ...
Holiday Pay Ruling - Employers and Employees Take ...
What's the matter? Come and talk to Chris Challis ...
Donations Appreciated for my By-Election Campaign
Labour voters switching to UKIP? Gawd blimey!
Let's get Rochester's City status back!
What's the matter? Come and talk to Chris Challis ...








          ► 
        


October
(9)







          ► 
        


September
(4)

















About the Just Political Party





Just Charley




Great Aspirations. Great Britain.

View my complete profile



















































Simple template. Powered by Blogger.

































