New Obamacare Rates Held Until After Midterm Election….As Is Amnesty  | PatriotsBillboard 
New Obamacare Rates Held Until After Midterm Election….As Is Amnesty  | PatriotsBillboard














Sexually suggestive advert for 'world's slimmest smartphone' banned from TVMystery drones spotted over Paris landmarksRepublicans propose declaring Idaho a ‘Christian state’White House Summit Insults Muslim Who Really Do Oppose 'Violent Extremism'
McConnell under the microscopeWatch: VA chief lies about serving in special forcesKerry: Pakistan has “vigorous commitment to take on and defeat violent extremist groups”Letter from San Francisco: Black brutality in schools.
Economic “Contagion” Threatens “Impending Crisis”: Exposure to Falling Oil Prices Driving Global Defaults and SlowdownIs the government violating a court order to stop working on Obama’s immigration plans? Ted Cruz demands answers.Cryptocurrency round-up: Blockchain to revolutionise voting and Rakuten 'to accept bitcoin'Bibi RSVPs “with regrets” to Democrats for private meeting
Forget Guns: New York Moves to Ban Machetes: Possession Could Lead To Years Behind BarsMichele Bachmann blames ISIS for fatal shootings of NYPD officersEmpowering Women, Hamas-StyleAnother day on SEPTA, black mob violence.
Gary Neville: Manchester United should not sack Louis van Gaal if club fails to finish in the top fourWhat Happened to Marine Deserter Wassef Ali Hassoun?New Secret Iranian Nuclear Facility RevealedIran begins massive naval drill test firing more than 20 new missiles
Moody's stresses India's need for reforms and not GDP revisions ahead of Budget 2015-16State Dept. counter-terrorism programs chief accused of soliciting sex from a minor onlineJon Stewart on Bill O’Reilly allegations: Accept that his stories are ‘seasoned with bullsh*t’ and move on"C'MON AMERICA, GIVE US MORE MONEY SO WE CAN PRAY AND BLOW UP THE REST OF THE JEWS"
Muslim cleric: ISIS didn't burn pilot to deathQuotes of the dayChicago rights activist: Local reporters didn’t cover police ‘black site’ because they agreed with themFight for Obama presidential library in Chicago pretty much most Obama thing ever
Why Does Maryland Have The Most Millionaires Per Capita? The Answer Might Make You AngryObamaNetSecret Iranian nuke facility revealedChristian florist: Why I can’t agree to provide service to gay weddings
Ted Cruz calls out GOP leadership after Senate gives in to Democrats’ demands on DHS funding billSec. of State John Kerry: Russia is lying ‘to my face’ about having troops in UkraineOhio: Muslim charged with aiding jihadis, laundering money for jihadWhy do we have eyelashes? Mystery finally solved by scientists
'Miracle': Baby born still inside amniotic sacDems: We Won, We Won. Didn't We?NBC’s Richard Engel: ISIS ‘effectively taking over’ LibyaWCCO Redux: Black mob  violence in Minneapolis? No way says CBS radio. Listeners say different. Podcast.



12345678910





 

+
Skip to content
HomeAboutConservative Advertising NetworkAdvertisingAd InstructionsDonateSponsored by >>







New Obamacare Rates Held Until After Midterm Election….As Is Amnesty

			Posted on October 11, 2014 by PatriotsBillboard 


Unconstitutional Obamacare Website Won’t Release Premium Rates Till After Mid-Term Elections. Just as Obama buried several scandals leading up to the 2012 election, the same game plan is in play now. We predicted it then and do so once again. After the run-off in Louisiana, more sh*t hits the fan. And that’s just the tip of the ice-berg. Many of his laws, policies and regulations happen after 2015 and finally in 2016. Buckle up people, he’s only beginning.
Suzanne Hamner 10-11-14   “The most transparent administration in the history of the United States” has announced that the “new and improved” Healthcare.gov website is more streamlined for this year’s enrollment into Obamacare; but, the premium rates for plans will not be released on the website until after the November 4th midterm elections.
“The only people who don’t want to disclose the truth are people with something to hide.” -Barack Hussein Obama
The government has released its new website which takes only 16 pages to enroll this year as opposed to the 76 pages last year. However, customers who enroll in Obamacare will not be apprised of the cost of their monthly premiums until after they have cast their vote for a candidate in the states’ midterm elections. No one would buy an automobile, a home, or any product without knowing what it costs. That is just common sense. No one with any sense would enroll into a healthcare plan before knowing the cost – and the cost for these Obamacare plans will be withheld until after the midterm elections.
Something smells fishy in the United States, and it isn’t the methane leak at the Four Corners, USA.
Another nice little maneuver with the open enrollment period for Obamacare has the open enrollment period beginning November 15th, one week after the midterm elections. Instead of the six month enrollment period as last year,

enrollees will now only have three months to purchase their plans. Are we to understand that Health and Human Services do not already know what the premiums will be now, three weeks ahead of the elections, but will miraculously know the day of those elections?
It has been no secret that average premiums across the country are higher than last year on these Obamacare exchanges, with rumor of increased rates of plans going up yearly. In fact, Iowa and Louisiana have announce their 2015 “plans” are rising by double-digit numbers. The rise in premiums could help propel Iowa Republican candidate Joni Ernst to the Senate while being detrimental to Louisiana Democrat incumbent Mary Landrieu.
From the window looking into the administration, one could surmise the withholding of the monthly premium cost of Obamacare plans are a political ploy designed to help Democrats in the midterm election. Of course, this administration plays politics with everything. Why would anyone’s health care insurance be any different?
The administration has constantly deflected attention away from premium rates, the rate hikes and the disaster that is the law onto the Healthcare.gov website, as though that is Obamacare. Focusing on how well the site runs or how much better it is, they try to link that piece of software to the health care law. Low information voters and the gullible public buy into this cheesy method of “slight of mind” used by this administration, along with their implausible reasons for withholding information vital for an informed choice. Who would vote for a candidate who staunchly supported Obamacare when their health care insurance premiums rose by double digits? Well, die hard liberals and Democrats, but those who are undecided might be persuaded by something as simple as more money leaving their pocket for less in services.
Obama, his administration and his ilk, have played fast and loose with the American public since the man was elected in 2008. These people care not whether any American has health care insurance or health care period. They care not whether Americans have one dime to feed their families, house themselves or are able to survive, much less live their lives. All they care about is getting the votes to maintain power and institute detrimental policies against the citizenry. Aided by the low information voter and the liberal “we won” left, this administration has done more damage to the American way of life than any administration in the recent past.
There is no plausible reason why this administration cannot release the premium cost of the Obamacare health care insurance plans. It refuses to do so for political reasons only. While it is a given that some states have seen premiums decrease or rise only slightly in the past, other states have experienced disastrous hikes. This is hardly equitable or “fair,” as we hear from the left on every issue that crops up, to keep Americans in the dark on premium costs until after the midterms. Funny, no one seems to be screaming about how “unfair” that is.
The liberal left and the low information voter have remained silent on this willingness of the administration to hide premium costs on a “product” they have championed inexhaustibly. Obamacare affects them as well and the premiums affect their budgets. Where are their energies now when untold numbers face making a decision on Election Day without all the information? Are they not the ones who accuse conservatives and “right-wingers” of championing inequality and “keeping the people down?” Where are their protests about disclosing information, in the name of fairness and equality, on premium amounts that any private insurance company would have posted freely?
There won’t be any outrage coming from the liberal left or the low information voter – none. Their ideology is not about equality, truth in disclosure or honesty. Their ideology is not about upholding freedom or liberty or even making an individual choice. Theirs is an ideology antithetical to all of that.
It’s a “suck it up, buttercup” mentality of “we won, get over it” and “comply with our whims.”
So, voters will go to the polls on November 4th to cast their vote in the midterm without knowing how much the “new and improved” Obamacare will cost them. After all, it’s a new website so the “health care” must be better and at a better price.
The real answer to all of this is to nullify Obamacare and impeach the man who owns it.
Suzanne Hamner (pen name) is a registered nurse, grandmother of 4, and a political independent residing in the state of Georgia, who is trying to mobilize the Christian community in her area to stand up and speak out against tyrannical government, invasion by totalitarian political systems masquerading as religion and get back to the basics of education.
 Share on TumblrComment comment 

		This entry was posted in Health and Medicine, Liberal/Progressive Politics, Media Bias & Corruption, Political Corruption, Taxes and tagged christian, conservatives, democrat, freedom, Government, health, insurance, liberal, liberals, money, new, obama, politics. Bookmark the permalink.
			









Post navigation
← Many of today’s military are scared cream puff’s. Just Another example of it…… Al-Qaeda Suicide Bomber Detonates at Yemeni Rally →



Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Comment  You may use these HTML tags and attributes:  <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <strike> <strong>  




 Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. 





SEARCH 
Search



Like Us





AROUND THE WEB
 Free Copy & Paste ContentPedia Feeds
 
 Getdeal code feeds

THERE’S MORE 
2nd Amendment (32)

Act for America (134)

Conservatives Corner (473)

Economy (1,397)

Environment (409)

FINANCE (652)

Foreign Trade (162)

FOUNDER'S DAILY QUOTE (474)

Freedom (3,179)

Health and Medicine (981)

Humor (216)

Images (973)

JIHADIST NEWS (1,829)

Liberal/Progressive Politics (5,992)

Media Bias & Corruption (4,912)

National Security (2,772)

OUR DAILY BREAD (459)

Political Corruption (5,074)

Second Amendment (622)

Taxes (770)

UN Agenda 21 aka Sustainable Development (368)

Uncategorized (5,327)

US CONSTITUTION (1,057)

Videos (1,937)

World Politics and Religion (2,890)



  TRENDING NOW! 

Sexually suggestive advert for ‘world’s slimmest smartphone’ banned from TV
February 25, 2015


Mystery drones spotted over Paris landmarks
February 25, 2015


Republicans propose declaring Idaho a ‘Christian state’
February 25, 2015


White House Summit Insults Muslim Who Really Do Oppose ‘Violent Extremism’
February 25, 2015


McConnell under the microscope
February 25, 2015


Please Enable Javascript for this Oilprice.com widget to workPartner AdsPlease Enable Javascript for this Financial News widget to workAdvertise
VIEWERS PERSPECTIVEGOP “Investigation” Covers Up The Real Reason For the Attack on Benghazi – CIA gun running - Libertarian Nation on BENGHAZI GUN RUNNING IS THE REAL SCANDAL – THE RED LINE AND THE RAT LINEthedmancometh on Top Sheriffs: Obama to Unleash ‘Tidal Wave’ of IllegalsWhy has obama continued to wear the ring praising allah? | PatriotsBillboard on Obama’s Ring to AllahPeter Castle on Obama’s Israel-Free Dream WorldPeter Castle on Hundreds of “Schools, Leadership Teams, and Teachers” Converge on DUBAI for Common Core Curriculum Planning and ImplementationAnthony on Conservative Corner 10-4-13I’M PROUD TO BE AN AMERICAN – WHAT I WANT MY GRANDCHILDREN TO KNOW | PatriotsBillboard on PRESIDENT OBAMA, HAVE YOUR CHICKENS COME HOME TO ROOST?phonybooty on Exposing Hillary Clinton’s Ties to Saul Alinsky & Communist DoctrineBradley Berschauer on OUR DAILY BREAD 10-24-14MARINES OPEN LETTER TO SENATE REPUBLICANS | PatriotsBillboard on MARINES OPEN LETTER TO REPUBLICAN PARTY IS A BURNER…TRUTHFUL, BUT A BURNER!TWEET MACHINE Tweets by @PatriotsOrg


Conservative Ad Network
ARCHIVES Previous Articles & Videos
RSS RSS - Posts RSS - Comments
On-Demand

Receive un-filtered news "Months" before FOX, CNN, OR MSNBC filter and revise stories to their liking.



					Email Address				











 



Proudly powered by WordPress
 | 
			Design by Storefront Themes.					

























