Labour easily wins the South Yorkshire police commissioner contest | Daily Mail Online 
Labour easily wins the South Yorkshire police commissioner contest | Daily Mail Online























 













 Home




 U.K.



 
 

News




 Sports




 U.S. Showbiz




 Australia




 Femail




 Health




 Science




 Money




 Video




 Travel




 Columnists







News Home


Arts


Headlines


Pictures


Most read


News Board


Wires



My Profile
Logout



Login












Feedback








DailyMail






 






 show ad


































EXCLUSIVE: Hugh Jackman has 'a thing' for a swingers' club and Anna Nicole Smith had vomit breath: Confessions of the drug and sex crazed 'interviewer to the stars' Kevin Sessums





'You are an American disgrace': Victim's family tell how they shamed killer of American Sniper in court after he was found guilty - as jury insist he WASN'T insane





'You live on safe in the hearts you left behind': American Sniper widow posts emotional tribute to her husband as she praises jury for finding his killer guilty





BREAKING: Three Brooklyn men arrested for trying to join ISIS and plotting terror attack on NYC





Mother, 47, who plotted to kill her husband will become the first woman executed in Georgia in 70 years tonight after clemency was denied





Don't munch on bacon sandwiches, have steak with butter  and drink whole milk: The fats that you SHOULD be eating and the ones you must avoid





I'm overweight, and I hoard things: Hillary goes human in lead up to 2016 while showcasing herself as a mom and grandma





Maraschino cherry king kills himself as cops find 'Breaking Bad' drug lab and luxury cars after stumbling on hidden wall at factory





PIERS MORGAN: Kanye West is the Muhammad Ali of showbusiness - cocky, dangerous, unpredictable, fearless, eloquent and the world's greatest star





Hackers steal intimate pictures of Red Sox pitcher and his model wife and post them online





'I started screaming, my kids ran away from me': Mom-of-four Powerball winner tells of the moment she realized she won $188M jackpot





Muslim girl, 17, who was turned down for a job by Abercrombie & Fitch because she wears a headscarf takes her case to the Supreme Court





No, it's not a mirage! The amazing oasis town that flourishes in the middle of the driest place on Earth





Bill O'Reilly accused of lying in best- selling book about being at door of 'ex-FBI agent who held key to Kennedy assassination' at moment he killed himself





Four Wesleyan students arrested after 'bad batch' of party drug Molly hospitalized twelve





ANOTHER former model comes forward to claim Bill Cosby sexually assaulted her in 1984 while posing as her acting coach





Prosecutors to tell judge that Lindsay Lohan has tried to use time on STAGE in London as part of community service for reckless driving 





Jamie Dornan confirms he WILL make another Fifty Shades movie... but will his wife still be smiling when she finds out?





Who needs Brian Williams? NBC News keeps the ratings lead with Lester Holt who managed to GAIN viewers in his second week in the hotseat





ESPN's Keith Olbermann suspended for a week after labelling fundraising Penn State students 'pitiful' on Twitter 





Obama vetoes Keystone XL oil pipeline bill





George Zimmerman will NOT face civil federal rights charges for killing Trayvon Martin





Jihadi Sniper: ISIS responds to Hollywood blockbuster by releasing chilling video of its own marksman killing 12 opposition fighters





ISIS burn 10,000 books and more than 700 rare manuscripts as they destroy library in Mosul in latest attack on civilisation and culture 




Previous
Next








Labour boasts it 'took on Ukip and won' after comfortably seeing off Farage's party in crunch police commissioner by-election
Labour easily wins the South Yorkshire police commissioner contestParty's candidate Alan Billings scooped just over half the 148,062 votes castUkip's Jack Clarkson trailed in second place on 31.66% ahead of Tories Vote sparked by resignation of Shaun Wright after Rochdale abuse scandalBy

Tom McTague, Deputy Political Editor for MailOnline


Published:
  11:06 EST, 31 October 2014

 | 
Updated:
  06:29 EST, 1 November 2014




















 
         618
View  comments



Ed Miliband received a much-needed boost today after Labour comfortably held off Ukip in a crunch police commissioner election.Labour's candidate for the South Yorkshire police post, Alan Billings, scooped just over half the 148,062 votes cast – with Ukip's Jack Clarkson trailing in second place on 31.66 per cent.A senior Labour source said the party had 'took Ukip on and won' despite Nigel Farage's pledge to go after Mr Miliband's core vote. 
 
Labour's Alan Billings  won the election to become the new Police And Crime Commissioner in South Yorkshire todayIt comes after Nigel Farage yesterday told MailOnline the election was 'nip and tuck'.The by-election – which was marred by turnout of just 14 per cent - was sparked by the resignation of Labour's former police and crime commissioner Shaun Wright in the wake of the Rotherham sex abuse scandal.Mr Wright stood down under intense pressure after an official report revealed more than 1,400 children had been sexually assaulted by gangs of mainly-Asian men in Rotherham.He was the councillor who oversaw children's services in the town between 2005 and 2010.


RELATED ARTICLES

Previous
1
Next






David Cameron's dinner date with German supermodel Claudia...



UK contributions to Brussels QUADRUPLE to £11.3bn... even...



Viva la revolución! Old Etonian Tory minister in first...



EXCLUSIVE - Cameron forced to bring back motorbike outriders...





Share this article
Share



Mr Farage had hoped Ukip would build on the party's recent by-election victory in Clacton and close second in Heywood and Middleton by getting its first Police and Crime Commissioner.The party came fourth when Mr Wright was elected in 2012 but has since boosted its vote by 20 per cent.A Labour source said: 'Nigel Farage said he was putting his tanks on our lawn. We took Ukip on and won.'Let's see if (David) Cameron can do the same in Rochester and Strood (by-election).'Labour leader Ed Miliband, who represents Doncaster North, tweeted: 'Congratulations to Labour's @AlanBillingsPCC - he will bring experience, independence and a fresh start to South Yorkshire Police.'




This week Miliband was asked to apologise for Labour's mess













 
 
Labour leader Ed Miliband, in Manchester today, welcomed the election of Mr Billings in South Yorkshire. The byelection was sparked by the resignation of former police commissioner Shaun Wright (right)  
 A polling station in Brinsworth, Rotherham yesterday, which had seen less than five voters by 10.30am  
 Ukip has exploited the Rotherham child abuse scandal - where 1,400 children were abused - to attack LabourConservative candidate Ian Walker won just 12.52 per cent while English Democrat David Allen secured 5.8 per cent. The Liberal Democrats did not field a candidate.Dr Billings said: 'In political terms it brings the Ukip advance to a shuddering halt in South Yorkshire and I think that they're deeply disappointed to do so badly.'That's very gratifying for us because I think that if we can turn the tide here we can turn it in other places as well.'So a message of huge encouragement for the Labour Party and absolute disappointment for Ukip.'He said: 'I'm very pleased. It's been very, very hard fought. Given the circumstances it's very gratifying that the Labour Party is able to re-establish itself in South Yorkshire as a credible force.'  
 
Mr Miliband donated money to a beggar ahead of a meeting of Labour's English Regional Shadow Cabinet Committee in Manchester todayDr Billings rejected the idea that it was a tight contest. He said: 'We won on the first count. It could have gone to a second count but it didn't and we won.' Mr Clarkson called for a criminal investigation into the Rotherham scandal.He said: 'I want a criminal investigation. We don't want candy floss and forgiveness. We want a criminal investigation into what took place involving these children.'And that involves the police, social services, council officials, councillors and any other agency. I believe there was collusion, assistance and turning of a blind eye, which is just as bad.'If Mr Billings doesn't get this right, believe you me, there'll be people again demonstrating on the streets of Rotherham. They're wanting to see action.' He said the turnout was 'very poor'.Mr Clarkson added: 'South Yorkshire is a hard nut to crack but I'll tell you what - Ukip are in there now and Labour have got to be looking over their shoulder at us.' 


Share or comment on this article



































MOST WATCHED NEWS VIDEOS

Previous
1
2
3
Next

 



Dr. William Binder describes moment of awe with baby Silas





Christina Aguilera does hilarious impression of Britney...





Moment Michael Keaton puts acceptance speech back in pocket





Snipers in action: ISIS release disturbing new video footage





Ghosts are known to appear at Hampton Court Palace





News anchor 'accidentally' drops racial slur on air





Emotional moment blind man sees wife for first time in 10...





Purple UFO filmed hovering above city of Lima in Peru





Do you REALLY love America? 12-year-old calls out Obama





Shocking moment police officer slaps homeless man





Incredible moment natural gas explosion levels house





Veteran K-9 dog Judge was a loved member of the community























Richard Pryor's widow brands Bill Cosby a hypocrite who 'had...





College student arrested after 'tying up classmate with...





Maraschino cherry tycoon kills himself as cops find...





Revealed: Brazilian former PORN STAR 'is owner of mystery...





Is this spooky apparition the Grey Lady of Hampton Court?...





American Sniper killer found GUILTY: Marine who shot dead...





Terror fears as sophisticated mystery tunnel is found yards...





New terror alert for France after 'at least' five drones are...





Youngest female killers on death row make desperate plea for...





Sealed with a kiss! John Travolta's awkward Oscar moment...





Vladimir Putin ordered Russian special forces to steal MH370...





PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Biceps? Check Six pack? Check.  Happy...




MOST READ NEWS

Previous
Next

●
●
●


 















Comments (618)

                                	Share what you think
                                







Newest




Oldest




Best rated




Worst rated




 View all



The comments below have not been moderated.





 View all


                        The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
                    


We are no longer accepting comments on this article.


Who is this week's top commenter?
Find out now







More top stories










Bing


Site
Web


Enter search term:
Search


























Like
DailyMail




Follow
MailOnline




Follow
DailyMail




+1
DailyMail







 
 
Femail Today







          EXCLUSIVE: Hugh Jackman has 'a thing' for swingers' club, Anna Nicole Smith had vomit breath and Michael J. Fox's dirty word discovery
          









          Jamie Dornan steps out as he confirms he WILL make another Fifty Shades movie... but will wife Amelia Warner still be smiling when she finds out?
          









          Bennifer reunited! Ben Affleck 'whispered in ex Jennifer Lopez's ear and she slapped his arm during flirty reunion at Oscars'
          
          Split up in 2004 
        








          'Mother daughter duties': Kylie and Kris Jenner coordinate their black outfits as they spend the day together
          
          Apparently due to fly the nest 
        








          PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian keeps a watchful eye over her little ski bunnies Penelope and Mason as they hit the slopes on family holiday
          














          'They were kissing!': Rihanna and Leonardo DiCaprio fuel romance rumours at her sexy star-studded 27th birthday bash
          
          Covert couple 
        








          'I don't like anything yet!' Will Smith and Kanye West fail to make beautiful music together with the actor still on the fence about a rap comeback
          









          A beret bold look: Salma Hayek swaps her trademark feminine style for unusual androgynous outfit as she attends Gucci show at Milan Fashion Week
          









          Is that you Kim? Ms Zolciak is unrecognizable in several flashback photos from the '90s posted  to celebrate daughter Brielle's 18th
          









          Keeping it simple! Cara Santana dresses down in vintage jeans and T-shirt for rare outing without boyfriend Jesse Metcalfe
          
          Usually with her beau
        











          Baby number three! Vin Diesel is 'expecting another child with Paloma Jimenez and has canceled Furious 7 Abu Dhabi premiere to be with her'
          









          Bravo execs might fire Real Housewives diva Brandi Glanville after being 'fed up with her antics' this season
          
          'Has stirred s*** to get attention' apparently
        








          Busted again! Teen Mom 2 star Jenelle Evans adds another mug shot to her collection after being arrested for driving without a license
          
          Arrested Tuesday 
        








          Is The Bachelor ready to rumba? Chris Soules rumoured to be joining new season of Dancing With The Stars
          
          12th and final contestant has yet to be revealed
        








          They're back, again! Backstreet Boys promote movie in London... as they reveal plans for new music this year
          
          Looking ahead 
        








          Guess he won't be replacing Jon Stewart! Jason Jones leaves Daily Show to star in new TBS comedy series with Natalie Zea
          
          New paths to explore 
        








          How NOT to plant a kiss! After that John Travolta Oscars embrace with Scarlett Johansson, the most awkward celebrity clinches revealed
          









          Christina Milian suffers wardrobe malfunction as she shows off too much sideboob (and strategically placed fashion tape!) at Focus premiere in LA
          









          Daddy cool! Idris Elba cuts a casual figure as he returns to London from LA following Oscars jaunt with teenage daughter Isan
          
          42-year-old dad
        








          'I've always done the opposite of what people expect': Kelly Clarkson reveals she doesn't care about being 'polished' and how motherhood changed her 
          












          And now for his next role! Oscar-winner Eddie Redmayne is on 'a mission to lose TWO STONE' to play a transgender artist for movie The Danish Girl
          









          Best supporting wife! Kim Kardashian flashes her black bra in a semi-sheer top as she jets into London ahead of Kanye West's BRITs performance
          









          Bill O'Reilly accused of lying in best- selling book about being at door of 'ex-FBI agent who held key to Kennedy assassination' at time he killed himself
          









          Shhh! Courteney Cox and Jennifer Meyer share a secret and a lot of giggles on a girly night out 
          
          The pair also dined with actress Sara Foster
        








          EXCLUSIVE: Minnie Driver's new man: Brit beauty shows off her new love, writer Neville Wakefield 
          
          Spotted at New York Fashion Week
        








          Just lying around! Gigi Hadid shows off her slim pins in black one-piece as she lazes on deck chair during Seafolly swimwear shoot in new behind-the-scenes snap
          









          'I'll have orange hair with my black wedding dress!' Gabi Grecko shows off new bright 'do ahead of nuptials to Geoffrey Edelsten
          
          Ready for big day
        








          Naughty Girl! Bra-less Beyoncé manages to avoid a wardrobe malfunction ...as she wears a sexy unbuttoned shirt to lunch
          









          'We're having a baby!' Naya Rivera reveals she is expecting her first child with Ryan Dorsey... six months after surprise wedding
          
          Married in July
        








          Back to reality! Jenna Dewan-Tatum keeps it casual in skinny jeans and a khaki jacket after dazzling a duo of outfits at the Oscars 
          
          Far more casual attire
        








          Kate Upton is an effortless beauty as she steps out in casual skinny jeans and clingy top while grabbing coffee in Los Angeles
          
          Looked great as usual 
        








          Justin Bieber makes a low key appearance as he heads to the bakery ahead of forthcoming Comedy Central Roast
          
          The 20-year-old singer looked a little weary 
        








          Doing what she does best! Kendall Jenner struts her stuff in sexy thigh-high boots and a glamorous fur stole as she hits the shops in Milan
          









          Pregnant Keira Knightley looks happy to be back to normality after awards season madness as she and James Righton run errands in London
          









          'I wanted to marry you or have you adopt me': Emma Watson reveals love for Steve Carell in  note... as she thanks him for backing gender equality campaign
          









          Harry goes green! Prince proves he's a chip off the old block as he joins forces with conservationists to save the red squirrel 
          
          In the UK
        








          Not looking so (Bar)fly! Mickey Rourke wears crazy leggings and a pair of sunglasses in an odd fashion at lunch
          
          Rather odd ensemble seen in Los Angeles
        








          Hope Solo claims her 6-foot-9 nephew 'struck her over the head leaving her severely concussed' in first interview since 'drunken family brawl'
          









          'She says butt out!' Miranda Kerr's mother admits model does tell her to stop interfering with son Flynn but reveals they're 'best friends' despite rift
          









          'It's not been as easy as the first time': Kim Kardashian laments her pregnancy struggles as she and Kanye West try for another baby
          
          Want sibling for North
        








          Living up to his name! Fergie's son Axl looks like a rockstar in his mother's arms on the way to a birthday party
          
          Been busy in studio with Mike Will Made It
        








          All hands on deck! Flawless Megan Gale is fussed over by team of stylists as she returns to work shooting upcoming ad for L'Oreal Paris
          









          'I didn't mean to hurt anyone': Giuliana Rancic apologizes for 'racist' comments about Disney star Zendaya's dreadlocks
          
          Red carpet controversy 
        








          Is that you, Dakota Johnson? 50 Shades Of Grey star is barely recognisable without her bangs as she smoulders on the cover of Cosmopolitan Aus
          









          Will Smith passionately kisses his wife of 18 years Jada at Focus premiere...after boasting about sizzling screen 'chemistry' with co-star Margot Robbie
          









          'Clint Eastwood glared at me'! Margot Robbie reveals Hollywood heavyweight left her ducking for cover after she opened a bottle of champagne at Oscars
          









          Pregnant Lena Headey displays her baby bump in tight blue tee as she enjoys a girls' lunch with friends
          
          Taking her pregnancy in her stride
        








          Roman Polanski appears in Polish court for his extradition hearing to the U.S. for historic sex charges
          
          Filmmaker Polanski appeared in court 
        








          Sean Penn refuses to comment on xenophobic Green Card joke at Oscars as he attends Haiti hotel opening with Bill Clinton
          
          Keeping quiet
        








          She looks familiar! Matt Bellamy's mystery friend bears an uncanny resemblance to Kate Hudson as they step out for dinner date
          
          Out in Hollywood
        








          Fancy seeing you here! Orlando Bloom and Demi Moore go low-key as they bump into each other in Los Angeles
          
          Los Angeles is a city filled with famous faces
        








          Cara Delevingne's cleavage proves popular with Jourdan Dunn... as Ellie Goulding says blonde model's boobs are her best friends 
          
          Call them The DDs
        








          That's cheeky! Margot Robbie turns heads in a sheer  dress as she attends the Focus premiere in LA in another monochrome number
          









          Tamara Ecclestone displays her slim figure in workout gear as she enjoys a fun day in the sun with her baby girl Sophia
          
          Enjoyed a sunny day out 
        








          'My face is a little puffy': Khloe Kardashian tries to keep a low profile after getting laser treatment
          
          Lots of maintenance to be a Kardashian
        








          PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kim Kardashian and North West dress in matching ski parkas to hit the slopes in Montana on their family vacation
          









          Brigitte Bardot offers to send alcoholic Russian BEARS to rehab after rescue from restaurant where customers gave them alcoholic drinks 
          









          Bruce Jenner 'could face financial ruin if sued by family of widow killed in horror crash because his insurance policy only goes up to $250,000'
          









          'I would have knocked him out': Smashing Pumpkins frontman Billy Corgan speaks out about Kanye West's attention stealing stunt at the Grammys
          









          Demi Lovato rushed to hospital with lung infection after 'experiencing breathing difficulties'
          
          Singer had to cancel studio time
        








          'I did NOT say she smelled like weed!' Kelly Osbourne distances herself from Zendaya dreadlock scandal and threatens to quit Fashion Police
          









          What a diva! Lisa Rinna recruits driver to hoist her over a patch of snow on the way to Watch What Happens Live in NYC
          
          Protect those heels!
        








          The skin-terview! Seth Rogen shows off full body 'tattoos' as he cuddles up to James Franco in parody of THAT John and Yoko Rolling Stone cover
          









          She's a cheeky girl! Tia Mowry flashes her derriere in sheer black dress at Focus premiere
          
          The actress, 36, made sure all eyes were on her in risque number
        








          Charles and Camilla's date with a deadline: Royals tour newspaper offices (but not every writer involved is a grown-up)
          
          In central London
        








          Still a hot mesh! Lindsay Lohan flashes her bra in black netted see-through top as she switches outfits after the Elle Style Awards
          
          Star is 28 years old
        








          Jetsetter Kim Kardashian dons an all black ensemble as she arrives at LAX after family vacation to Montana
          
          Back to the grind...
        








           Is Jamie Dornan walking away from leading role in 50 Shades Of Grey franchise? Wife admits 'discomfort' with raunchy sex scenes
          









          Time to chill out: Dakota Johnson takes a solo stroll in cold New York after THAT frosty exchange with her mom at Oscars 
          
          Wrapped up warm
        








          Chrissy Teigen fails at magic tricks... but manages to wow in plunging black dress on Jimmy Kimmel
          
          Swimsuit model looked stunning as always
        








          Gabrielle Union shows off her toned physique in plunging top as she and Josh Duhamel compete in a shootout on The Tonight Show
          
          Larked around on show
        








          Mum on the run: Charlize Theron wears jogging leggings as she picks up son Jackson from karate class
          
          Boyfriend Sean Penn has gone to Haiti
        








          'It was rehearsed': John Travolta's creepy, touchy-feely behavior at the Oscars was all part of the plan ...claims his rep
          
          His behavior went viral
        








          The party never stops! Ellie Goulding, Taylor Swift and Cara Delevingne skip across London to support Karlie Kloss at fundraiser after attending fashion event
          









          'I feel like I don't like her': Kim Richards and Eileen Davidson fail to get closer during team-building exercise on Real Housewives
          
          It's just not happening
        








          Transgender model Andreja Pejic makes her catwalk debut as a woman at London Fashion Week - one year after undergoing sex reassignment surgery 
          









          Skinnygirl hits the beach! Bethenny Frankel sizzles as she shows off her slender frame in a tiny snakeskin bikini in Miami
          
          Soaked up the sun
        








          It's the apocalypse NOT Star Trek! January Jones wears space age dress to The Last Man On Earth premiere
          
          The 37-year-old opted for quirky design
        








          Sofia Vergara and Joe Manganiello stroll arm-in-arm at LAX after revealing they're postponing wedding to promote 'Magic Mike XXL'
          









          A triumphant return! The Voice contestant turns four chairs after being rejected in previous audition... and joins Adam Levine's team
          









          Model of the Year Rosie Huntington-Whiteley enjoys a playful display with Jason Statham as he supports her at the Elle UK Style Awards
          









          Kan you tell them apart? Kendall Jenner is the spitting image of big sister Kim Kardashian as she posts selfie to celebrate 20 MILLION Instagram followers 
          









          Victoria's Secret models Elsa Hosk and Lais Ribeiro strip down to pink bras and undies to shoot steamy new lingerie commercial with director Michael Bay
          









          Putting on a show! Alexa Ray Joel serenades audience while flashing cleavage in daring lace gown
          
          Billy Joel's daughter is 29 years old
        








          Alfonso Ribeiro and pregnant wife Angela Unkrich support his Fresh Prince Of Bel-Air co-star Will Smith at Focus premiere
          
          On-screen 'cousin' Will
        








          Rachel McAdams smiles as she films scenes for dark and gritty crime drama True Detective
          
          With Taylor Kitsch and Colin Farrell
        








          Shirtless Justin Bieber gets a giant bullseye tattooed onto his back in new teaser video for Comedy Central roast
          
          The divisive pop star is a walking human target
        








          Beatrice goes back to school! Princess follows in sister Eugenie's footsteps as she heads to the US to begin a course in finance
          
          Euginie already in NYC
        








          A rose for a Thorne! Dressed down Bella can't hide her delight as fan hands her bouquet of flowers
          
          At appearance on Jimmy Kimmel Live 
        








          Her best accessory! Paris Hilton takes the plunge in ornate maxi dress as she cradles pet pooch Peter Pan on shopping trip 
          
          Maxi-mum spending?
        








          Kanye West is announced as a last-minute addition to BRIT Awards line-up... after Rihanna pulls out of performance hours before show 
          









          Don't look now, Aarika Wolf! Calvin Harris is showered with kisses by hot models as he party-hops around London 
          
          His girlfriend is back in Los Angeles
        








          Chris Pratt and Amy Poehler join the cast of Parks And Recreation for a farewell sing-a-long on Late Night With Seth Meyers 
          
          Finale aired Tuesday
        








          That's not how we remember them! James Van Der Beek stars in gritty R-rated Mighty Morphin Power Rangers fan film
          
          Dark take on kids show
        








          Dakota Fanning displays bare legs in LBD and embroidered coat as she arrives for TV appearance in freezing New York
          
          21-year-old actress
        








          Snow style! Kourtney Kardashian takes freezing temperatures head on with some serious fashion on a night out with boyfriend Scott Disick and family
          









          Plotting revenge? Britney Spears looks determined as she hits the studio in LA... after Christina Aguilera imitated her on the Tonight Show
          









          Woman Of The Year Taylor Swift ditches the clean-cut look for a sexy emerald gown with a thigh-high split as she leads winners at Elle UK Style Awards
          









          Rosie Huntington-Whiteley flashes of sideboob in a plunging minidress... as she contrasts with classy Cara Delevingne at the Elle UK Style Awards 
          









          Eyes on the prize! Simon Cowell is distracted by Lauren Silverman's chest as she wows in a figure-hugging jumpsuit at Elle UK Style Awards 2015
          









          Pregnant Tiffani Theissen, 41, displays her baby bump in a fitted frock as she promotes her new culinary show
          
          Former 'Saved By the Bell' star
        








          Marvel heroes no more! Zoe Saldana and Mark Ruffalo play a couple dealing with depression in trailer for their moving comedy Infinitely Polar Bear
          









          Blowing off the winter blues! Shanina Shaik shows off her toned physique in an electric blue bikini after enduring freezing New York 
          
          Ready for the beach
        








          ESPN's Keith Olbermann suspended for a week after labelling fundraising Penn State students 'pitiful' on Twitter 
          
          Taken action 
        








          Move over Kristen Stewart! Jessica Chastain lands role in The Huntsman opposite Chris Hemsworth
          
          Prequel to 'Snow White and the Huntsman' 
        








          Smartly dressed Robert Pattinson jets out of LAX after partying with Sienna Miller at Vanity Fair Oscars party
          
          He had a grand time at the Oscars
        








          'I didn't sleep for a year': Foo Fighters frontman Dave Grohl opens up about interviewing Barack Obama and Paul McCartney for HBO 
          









          Iggy Azalea reveals how Papa John's pizza delivery guy freaked out at meeting the superstar before he gave out her phone number to his family members
          









          Wild at heart! Reese Witherspoon dons festive print sweater to indulge in some post-Oscars retail therapy
          
          Shopping in Brentwood
        








          'I've got to find a way to keep playing him until I die': Hugh Jackman says the fate of Wolverine is sealed thanks to Michael Keaton's Birdman
          









          Czech it out! Make-up free Katy Perry enjoys a walk through the streets of Prague in low-maintenance outfit after concert
          
          On European tour
        








          Chris Hemsworth will host Saturday Night Live ... making him the first Australian to lead the iconic sketch show since Hugh Jackman a decade ago
          









          The fellowship of the ring! Liv Tyler flashes that diamond sparkler again while bracing herself for cold weather in New York City 
          
          Engagement rumors
        








          Cindy Crawford, 49, shows off her incredible figure in yoga tights during beach walk with a friend
          
          Still fabulous after all these years
        








          Who is Jordan Barrett? Australia's hot new Vogue model counts Naomi Campbell and Hailey Baldwin among his BFFs... and is Paris Hilton's rumored toyboy
          









          Newly-blonde Nicole Scherzinger displays her ample cleavage in low-cut tank top as she jets out of LAX after glamorous turn at Oscars party 
          









          Chris Brown 'denied entry into Canada' forcing the singer to cancel two concerts in Montreal and Toronto
          
          Announced the ban on Twitter
        








          Perfect match! Jessica Alba means business in trendy shades at LAX while husband Cash Warren gets the car washed
          
          Busy couple
        








          'I only wash my hair once in five days!' Kim Kardashian reveals the secrets behind her unique beauty regime - which requires $2,000 worth of products
          









          TOBY YOUNG: Why do the Oscars ignore the films most of us want to watch? Because they're so obsessed with parading their political correctness 
          









          PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Biceps? Check.Six pack? Check. Happy trail? Check, check. Here's why the Lady is totally Gaga over new fiance Taylor Kinney
          









          Stocking up! Benji Madden and 5 Seconds Of Summer boys take break from writing new music and head out shopping before the band fly to Japan 
          









          An unconventional Duggar? Jessa Seewald surprises conservative family with pink bridal gown as 19 Kids and Counting documents the run-up to her wedding
          









          Lindsay Lohan flashes her fishnet-clad thigh in racy side-split dress for the Elle Style Awards 2015
          
          The Hollywood actress looked sleek in all black 
        








          That's not a winning look! Lily Cole suffers a fashion fail as she swamps her figure in voluminous pink gown at Elle Style Awards
          
          Swimming in her dress
        








          Angel no more! Karlie Kloss sizzles in slinky black dress at London gala... a day after Victoria's Secret confirmed she has quit
          
          Striking out on her own
        








          Rebel Wilson looks Absolutely Fabulous as she scoops up the Rising Star gong from Jennifer Saunders at the Elle Style Awards
          
          In London
        








          ANOTHER former model comes forward to claim Bill Cosby sexually assaulted her in 1984 while posing as her acting coach
          
          Claims piling up
        








          Rick Salomon's 'missing dog found at animal hospital after estranged wife Pamela Anderson insisted pet was at groomers'
          
          What really happened?
        








          Khloe Kardashian promotes painful-looking corset following the footsteps of her sister Kim and rival Amber Rose
          
          Faking hourglass figure
        








          Look at my lingerie! Lily Aldridge shows off the Sexiest Push Ups at Victoria's Secret event in Los Angeles
          
          Opted for understated figure-hugging dress
        








          Secret treasure chest! Film crews hide 'Pirates Of The Caribbean' boat behind shipping containers as filming for fifth movie begins in Australia 
          









          It's Now or Never! Elvis Presley's granddaughter Riley Keough wants to climb Mount Everest Base Camp with new hubby Ben Smith-Peterson 
          









          'I love her... it doesn't matter what the world thinks': Tyga, 25, on his relationship with 17-year-old Kylie Jenner
          
          Wasn't denying his rumoured romance 
        








          Missing his mouse ears! Ryan Gosling delights fans as he skips Oscars to relive his Disney days with Guillermo del Toro
          
          Was first showbiz gig
        








          'I was never breathtaking': Iconic model Twiggy credits her 'funny and kooky' personality for her success in new interview
          









          Still Julianne! Moore gets back to work just two days after Oscar win ...as she teams up with Boyhood's Ethan Hawke for new movie
          
          Wrapped up warm
        








          Angels need a day off too! Alessandra Ambrosio ditches the glamor in favor of comfy sweats for a coffee run with her fiance
          
          She's 34 years old
        








          Matthew McConaughey looks ruggedly handsome in top hat and riding boots while filming period drama set during the American Civil War
          









          Next stop Milan! Kendall Jenner displays stressed out skin as relentless Fashion Week schedule appears to take its toll 
          
          Work hard, play hard
        








          House of Cards' first lady Claire Underwood forces a smile in presidential portrait during new season 3 teaser
          
          Begins streaming Friday 
        








          It's a dance off! DWTS cast announced with Rumer Willis, icon Patti LaBelle and Carl's Jr. hottie Charlotte McKinney to compete... and a shock pro return
          









          Awkward! Justin Bieber twerks and bear hugs a bowling instructor in new prank show Repeat After Me 
          
          He showed off his comedic acting skills
        



















 
 
DON'T MISS







          I woke up like this! Kim Kardashian's picture perfect morning face after falling asleep with make-up on
          
          35-year-old shared selfie on Twitter
        








          PIERS MORGAN: Kanye West is the Muhammad Ali of showbusiness - cocky, dangerous, unpredictable, fearless, eloquent and the world's greatest star
          









          Jourdan Dunn cups her boobs as she exposes extreme cleavage in plunging gown... before changing into busty embellished minidress at Elle Style Awards
          









          Power up! Reese Witherspoon starts post-Oscar health kick with a nutritious green smoothie after a hard workout
          
          Staying in shape
        








          Rebel in a red dress! Pitch Perfect star Wilson wears chic and slimming crimson frock at the Elle Style Awards after enlisting Cate Blanchett's super stylist
          









          Heavy metal! Supermodel Naomi Campbell dazzles in sequin mini dress as she brings the glamor to Elle Style Awards 2015  
          
          In London
        








          Ellie Goulding cuts an elegant figure in soft pink fairytale gown at Elle Style Awards 2015
          
          British singer looked exquisite in a princess-style gown
        








          EXCLUSIVE: True story behind Jennifer Aniston's Cake - how  scriptwriter was inspired by murder of  brother's wife, daughter and mother-in-law
          









          Out and a pout: Kylie Jenner gets pampered at nail salon with her pooch after splashing $2.7m on new home
          
          Her signature pout was on full display 
        








          Trying to create a Scandal? Shonda Rhimes expresses dislike over Lady Gaga's Oscar tribute of Julie Andrews' Sound Of Music
          









          'I stayed out until 5am': Party-hopping Best Actress Julianne Moore had sleepless night after hitting TWO post-Oscar soirees
          
          Plenty to celebrate
        








          Do they REALLY think we'll be wearing that? Polka dot make-up, X-rated Little Red Riding Hood and a LOT of bondage... the worst of London Fashion Week
          









          Jessie J admits to auditioning 'pretend' contestants and tucking into local delicacies ahead of her debut as a judge on The Voice Australia  
          









          Kendall Jenner flashes a hint of toned tum in a crop top and skintight leggings as she heads home after London Fashion Week
          
          Appeared on catwalk
        








          LMFAO star Redfoo dons eye-boggling monochrome suit and dances with women in sexy thigh high boots as he returns Down Under to launch new single 
          









          Food photos are back en Vogue! Conde Nast employees asked to promote the luxurious new cafeteria at One World Trade Center on Instagram and Twitter
          









          'My dad told me I was ugly': Marc Anthony admits he was urged to work on his personality... as he opens up about ex Jennifer Lopez
          
          Got married last year
        








          'She feels this is her moment': Fifty Shades of Grey author EL James 'desperate' to attend this year's Met Gala - despite not being invited by Anna Wintour
          









          PICTURED: Julianne Moore and Eddie Redmayne play incestuous mother and son in sex scene with Hugh Dancy...  years before Oscar glory
          









          Josh Duhamel gets all touchy feely with TV host as he mimics John Travolta's creepy face-touching moment at the Oscars
          
          Strange behavior
        








          This isn't likely to catch on: Serbian designer Marko Mitanovski sends models down catwalk in bizarre black paint at his LFW show
          
          Jaw-dropping collection 
        








          Extras star Stephen Merchant gets a big hug from mystery girlfriend as they put on amorous roadside display after collision
          
          Brit actor is in love
        








          The Royal seal of approval: Princess Michael of Kent wraps up warm as she takes a break from skiing to visit art exhibition in snowy St Moritz
          









          Hot momma! Aussie model Nicole Trunfio busts out of VERY low-cut burgundy gown just weeks after giving birth to her first child 
          
          Her figure snapped back
        








          Licence to fly! Daniel Craig sports casual ensemble and grey flat cap as he jets out of Italy... after filming Spectre scenes in Rome
          
          Low-key look
        








          'Divorced and liking it': Tea Leoni reveals she's enjoying her new relationship status after split from David Duchovny
          
          Happier than ever
        








          The wonders of make-up! Kendra Wilkinson dramatically transforms from drab to glam as she visits British chat show
          
          Knows her to look best
        








          Meat Is Murder! Staunch vegetarian Morrissey bans meat caterers backstage from his Vivid LIVE shows at the Sydney Opera House
          









          husband Greg Wise over claims HSBC helped client dodge taxes
          









          Cara Delevingne shows off her svelte body in a blue sheer top and dons her favourite tinted shades as she steps out in London 
          
          Grew up in the city
        








          Bright-eyed Jennifer Garner heads off for breakfast after skipping the Oscars the night before
          
          The 42-year-old watched from home 
        








          Buxom beauty Amber Rose displays her curves in a tank top and leggings as she house-hunts in West Hollywood... following a spate of public feuds
          









          'He had the Black Pearl parked in the valley!' Johnny Depp takes a break from Pirates Of The Caribbean to rock out at Brisbane Foo Fighters concert
          









          'We brought this upon ourselves': Actress Amanda Peet vents her anger at rich parents who refuse to vaccinate their kids against measles 
          









          EXCLUSIVE: 'My brother was not a monster. He hero-worshiped Chris Kyle.' Comrade speaks in defense of American Sniper's killer
          









          I Need Your Love: Muscular musician Calvin Harris goes shirtless on beach as he tops up his tan with girlfriend Aarika Wolf in Malibu
          









          What's her Secret? Make-up free Lily Aldridge looks radiant in casual white jumper and skinny jeans as she leaves LAX
          
          Dressed down chic
        








          Putting a spring in our step! Victoria Beckham commissions floral art installation at her central London store for fSS15 season
          
          Giant pink foxglove 
        








          Pregnant Keira Knightley arrives back at Heathrow airport with husband James Righton following Oscars celebrations
          
          Lost out on award
        








          Ashley Benson bundles up with hunky co-star Shiloh Fernandez on the NYC set of Chronically Metropolitan
          
          Might be engaged...
        








          Just worked out in London town! Kanye West takes a break from LFW and heads to the gym as his UK visit continues
          
          Time to work on fitness
        








          On the move! Kylie Jenner, 17, to spend '$2.7 million on lavish five bedroom property in exclusive gated community'
          
          17-year-old with plans
        








          Hanging up her Angel wings! Victoria's Secret confirms Karlie Kloss will not be renewing her contract (and Doutzen Kroes quietly quit in December)
          









          Nicki Minaj posts a very busty selfie wearing just a leotard... as rumours circulate that her ex Safaree Samuels has moved on with singer K. Michelle
          









          Melanie Griffith steps out in a low-key tee and skinny jeans after attending the Oscars with daughter Dakota Johnson 
          
          Back to 'normal' life
        








          Squeaky clean Taylor Swift and Ed Sheeran reveal they had to hide from the POLICE at a wild post-Grammys party
          
          Having fun? 
        








           Who's That Girl? Madonna looks drained as she holds 'respiratory inhaler' while taking a breather during rehearsals for Brits performance
          









          California apartment featured in The Big Bang Theory tops the list of America's most-loved TV homes - beating NYC favorites Friends and Sex and the City
          









          Giving him a run for his money! Gordon Ramsay's wife Tana shows off her rock hard abs in a crop top and hotpants on outdoor workout
          









          A hero's welcome! Triumphant Eddie Redmayne can't hide his delight as he arrives back in London with wife Hannah after Best Actor Oscar win
          









          Making up for lost time! 'A-Rod' shows up early for Yankees pre-season training camp and apologizes again for 'mistakes' that led to 2014 season ban
          









          And kitty came, too! The DUFF star Bella Thorne jets out with her pup Kingston and a large stuffed toy cat
          
          Finished filming Lifetime's Perfect High
        








          Lily Collins displays her new pixie crop as she picks up a healthy green juice the morning after the Vanity Fair Oscars party
          
          Re-hydrating 
        








          How DID Rosamund Pike lose a stone in 10 DAYS for Gone Girl? No carbs, plenty of alkaline water and lifting the heaviest weights possible, trainer reveals
          









          Karate Kid! Charlize Theron's cute son Jackson can't contain his happiness as she takes him to a martial arts class  
          
          Dating Sean Penn
        








          The friendly exes! A VERY happy Miranda Kerr and estranged husband Orlando Bloom leave Vanity Fair Oscars party TOGETHER after reuniting at bash
          









          Three's a party! Teresa Palmer enjoys family stroll with husband Mark Webber and baby boy Bodhi
          
          Just celebrated his first birthday
        








          Rolexes, diamond bracelets and private jets: Inside the world of Karl Lagerfeld's 'Boys' (including six-year-old catwalk godson who he lavishes with gifts) 
          









          Richard Pryor's widow brands Bill Cosby a hypocrite who 'had sex with everything that moved' in scathing interview
          
          Jennifer Lee Pryor.
        








          'I am a virgin': The Bachelor star Chris Soules finally learns that Becca Tilley has no sexual experience and gives her a rose
          
          Revelations...
        








          Kanye West's speech on wife Kim dating 'broke black dudes' is shown on BET special ...while the rapper is out of town for London Fashion Week
          









          Back to reality! Khloe Kardashian puts on a REAR-ly good show as she hits the gym in skintight workout gear after glamorous turn on the Oscars red carpet
          









          Madonna super-fan spent $175,000 to look like his idol now plans to have bottom implants... after seeing the Material Girl flash her derriere on the red carpet
          









          Newly engaged Karina Smirnoff dons chic peplum jumpsuit as she promotes her book on dating disasters
          
          Found love with actor Jason Adelman
        








          'I fall all over the place like a mad, drunk lady': Judi Dench admits she's losing her eyesight and can no longer travel by herself
          
          Well, she is 80
        








          Sean Penn jets to Haiti for tour of charity projects with former President Bill Clinton a day after being slammed for 'green card' Oscars comment
          









          American Horror Story star Ben Woolf dies from stroke... four days after 4ft 4in actor was hit by car while crossing Hollywood street
          
          Actor was 34 years old
        








          Back to mummy duties: Natalie Portman keeps son Aleph close to her heart as they catch a flight out of LA after the Oscars
          
          Back to normality
        








          Growing up too fast? Kylie Jenner, 17, posts racy mirror snap as she copies THAT selfie from older sister Kim Kardashian
          
          Looking up to Kim
        








          Hollywood 'baby whisperer' who taught Cindy Crawford how to 'bond with her children' on the celebrity mothers who have turned to her for help
          









          Christina Aguilera pokes fun at Britney Spears with hilarious impression of her rival singing This Little Piggy on Tonight Show
          
          Long considered rivals
        








          Transgender model recreates Adam Levine's nude Cosmo photo to break the stigma and show what a female-to-male body can REALLY look like
          









          'I don't smell like weed': Zendaya hits back at Fashion Police's Giuliana Rancic after 'racist' comments about her dreadlocks
          
          Accused of stereotyping
        








          Make-up free Jennifer Lawrence ditches the glamour for a snowy walk in Boston... as her gorgeous new Dior campaign is released
          
          Taking her dog out
        








          Victoria Silvstedt, 40, displays her incredible body as she tops up her tan in skimpy orange bikini on Miami Beach
          
          Swedish actress starred in 2002 film Boat Trip
        








          Former Silverchair rocker Daniel Johns enjoys a glass of wine with girlfriend Estelita Huijer... a few months after pleading guilty to drunk driving
          









          Imitation Game screenwriter Graham Moore who gave emotional acceptance speech about suicide attempt hit back at assumption he is gay 
          









          'It would have been nice': Melissa Rivers responds mother Joan's Oscar snub... as Academy reveal why she was left out of In Memoriam segment
          









          Immy Waterhouse makes her LFW debut as she joins Georgia May Jagger on Ashley Williams' catwalk
          
          Stepping out of sister Suki's shadow
        








          Paris Hilton keeps a low profile in floral jumpsuit while running errands with her little dog after a night of Oscars partying
          
          Had a low-key day
        








          'One last thing': Lea Michele wraps her final day at Glee paying tribute to Cory Monteith... as she leaves the studio clutching Finn Hudson's jersey
          









          Mom's biggest fan! Jennifer Hudson's son David keeps smiling as the pair arrive at LAX after her poignant Oscars performance
          
          Left crowd in awe
        








          Resplendent in ceremonial robes he would never again be able to wear in public, never-before-seen photo shows exiled Duke of Windsor 
          









          The face of defeat: Neil Patrick Harris looks downcast day after his Oscar hosting performance which was widely slammed 
          
          Some jokes fell flat 
        








          It probably wasn't the babies keeping her up all night! Zoe Saldana looks a little tired the morning after her red carpet return at Oscars and Vanity Fair party
          









          'I gotta be there for my girl!' Reese Witherspoon reveals she is helping co-star Sofia Vergara plan her big wedding 
          
          Date has been pushed back
        








          My model grandchild ignores me says Dame Vivienne Westwood after teen misses designer's Fashion Week show to go skiing in the Alps instead
          









          EXCLUSIVE: Sofia Vergara's wedding on hold as fiancé Joe Manganiello strips down for his role in 'Magic Mike' sequel
          
          Busy promoting new film
        








           Maybe next time, Michael! Moment Keaton put acceptance speech back in his pocket as Eddie Redmayne won Best Actor Oscar
          
          Awkward moment 
        








          Storm over Enrique Iglesias video after star was paid $340K to promote Galicia... but included just 45 seconds of scenery (and plenty of girls)
          









          Oops! Shannen Doherty has an awkward moment as she steps off a yacht with a male pal in Paris
          
          Accidentally grabbed her chest
        








          Just a pinch! Cheeky Reese Witherspoon gives Jennifer Aniston a surprise on the red carpet with a walk-by grab
          
          Cheeky prank
        








          Sealed with a kiss! John Travolta's Oscar smooch with Scarlett Johansson becomes immortalized thanks to hilarious internet memes 
          









          Kourtney Kardashian wraps up in hoodie for a VERY low-key dinner date with Scott Disick... after emotional tribute to her late father
          
          He would have been 71
        








          She's back! Christina Aguilera returns to The Voice after two seasons away and quickly snaps up top talent
          
          34-year-old star is back with a bang
        








          Never mind the price tag! Nicole Kidman was dripping in a whopping $7 million worth of Harry Winston diamonds at the Oscars including an 82-carat bracelet
          









          Hat's the way to do it! Newly-single Lewis Hamilton teams a camel fedora with a stylish denim and white outfit as he heads for lunch in London 
          









          Pictured: Julia Roberts and Nicole Kidman get back to work on their new movie ...united in grief at the pain of losing a parent
          
          For 'Secret in Their Eyes'
        








          What's that ring on your finger? Liv Tyler steps out for the first time with newborn son Sailor as she flashes a sparkler on her wedding hand
          









          Beaming Eddie Redmayne and wife jet back across the Pond after his Academy Awards triumph along with his new roomie (his Oscar statuette)
          









          Her Favorite Thing? Dame Julie Andrews, 79, hasn't seen 50 Shades Of Grey... but says she wouldn't mind a spanking
          
          Shocking revelation
        








          Emma Thompson 'won't pay a penny of tax until those evil b******s go to prison' says her husband Greg Wise over banking row 
          
          Oscar-winning wife 
        








          Golden girl! Bethenny Frankel shows off her much talked about figure in a tiny bikini on the beach in Miami
          
          Showing off a little gold covered body of her own
        








          Emily Ratajkowski flaunts her famous model pins in sexy thigh-skimming lace dress as she marks the end of London Fashion Week at Giles show
          









          Close call! Rose McGowan almost has a wardrobe malfunction with an unbuttoned blouse at the Chateau Marmont
          
          Partying in Hollywood
        








          Top of the crops! Cara Santana flashes her toned midriff in casual gym wear on a solo trip without Jesse Metcalfe
          
          Sported a sleep monochrome look
        








          Doggy date! Kylie Jenner brings pup Norman for shopping trip while walking in thigh-high boots
          
          Spotted out in West Hollywood
        








          Revealed: Kim Kardashian was too busy taking a piano lesson and looking after North to attend Oscar parties
          
          Watched at home
        








          No hangover then? Alec Baldwin and Hilaria look refreshed celebrating their daughter's birthday... after Oscar-night partying
          









          Former NFL player Michael Sam 'to join Dancing With The Stars season 20' 
          
          First openly gay player selected in NFL draft - but didn't make the team
        








          Kendall and Kylie Jenner are dark and mysterious in new voguish video as they model latest fashion range for PacSun
          
          Working together
        








          He's still got it! Jerry Seinfeld hugs the spotlight at the premiere party for web series Cop Show in NYC
          
          Didn't make much of an effort in fashion stakes
        








          She's got it all! Supermodel Miranda Kerr shows off luminous cascading locks and toned midriff in behind-the-scenes look at recent photo shoot
          









          Third time's the charm? Laura Dern's ex-husband Ben Harper married his social activist girlfriend Jaclyn Matfus on New Year's 
          
          Met in 2013
        








          'It's just awkward!' Will Smith cringes at thought of wife Jada Pinkett Smith starring 'with a bunch of naked men' in Magic Mike XXL
          
          Together for 20 years
        








          Feeling blue? Katie Holmes looks downcast in navy suit while filming scenes for 'Ray Donovan' with Liev Schreiber in Los Angeles
          









          Ally McBeal star Calista Flockhart is set to play Supergirl's boss in highly anticipated new TV show based on the DC Comics characters
          
          On CBS
        








          'Are you gonna call me?': Margot Robbie  reveals to Extra host Mario Lopez she once asked out a waiter with a smooth pickup line
          
          It worked, of course
        








          Best Western! Kylie Minogue channels her inner cowgirl in wide-brimmed felt hat, flared lace top and tan ankle boots
          
          After Oscars party
        








          Fancy a holiday in Eddie Redmayne's idyllic French villa? £9,000-a-week will get you  six-bedroom farmhouse where Oscar-winner spent his summers
          









          UK model Katie Price returns to original breast size for first time in 17 years after 'undergoing surgery to remove infected implant'
          









          Oprah asked stranger office worker to let her go to the bathroom while driving around Los Angeles with Selma director Ava DuVernay last week
          









          Supermodel Jourdan Dunn takes some time out from London Fashion Week as she slips into chic black and white ensemble for late night shopping trip
          









          EXCLUSIVE: 'Thank you thank you very very much for EVERYTHING...': Text Julianne Moore sent to woman who inspired Oscar-winning performance
          









          Sunglasses are off! Anna Wintour arrives at JFK Airport without her famous shades after mingling with stars at Vanity Fair bash 
          
          Back from Los Angeles
        








          She's got a flare for fashion! Supermodel Cindy Crawford, 49, steps out in tight-fitting bell-bottoms on shopping trip
          
          Still stunning
        








          No day off! Sofia Vergara heads back to the gym after night of fun at Vanity Fair post-Oscars party
          
          Looked none the worse for the wear
        








          That's not the dress code: Bond star Daniel Craig teams his trademark suit with scruffy sneakers as he prepares to shoot action scene  for 'Spectre'
          









          Kendall Jenner gets her smile back with partner in crime Cara Delevingne... after her sultry appearance at the star-studded LFW Giles show 
          









          Make-up free Alessandra Ambrosio makes motherhood look like a breeze as she picks up son Noah while out on a stroll
          
          33-year-old model
        








          'It's my mother going through the gates of heaven:' Kanye West reveals he's making a video game that pays tribute to his late mother
          
          Donda died in 2007
        








          Better luck next time! Ethan Hawke cuts a scruffy and somber figure as he jets out of LA after best supporting actor defeat
          
          Lost to J.K Simmons
        








          Sean Penn under fire for 'xenophobic' Green Card joke about Mexican-born Birdman director as he presented Oscar
          
          In hot water
        








          9021-Ohhh! Shenae Grimes can't stop kissing husband Josh Beech as couple put on affectionate display 
          
          Approaching  two-year wedding anniversary
        








          Gun-toting Tom Cruise films night scenes for the upcoming 'Mission: Impossible 5' against backdrop of the Tower of London
          
          Ethan Hunt returns
        








          Celebrating the celebration! Ecstatic Margot Robbie looks like she's on cloud nine as she says Oscars and after party were 'too much fun'  
          









          Hippie Hippie shake! Aussie model Ashley Hart gets colorful in an eye-catching pair of tiny overalls as she shows off her dance moves at Wanderlust Festival
          









          Game of Groans! Cast of GOT struggle with their lines and the stairs in hilarious blooper reel
          
          Actors in normally bleak HBO show revealed their lighter side
        









 
 
Today's headlines


 
 
Most Read









EXCLUSIVE: Hugh Jackman has 'a thing' for a swingers' club, Anna Nicole Smith had vomit breath and Michael...





'You are an American disgrace': Victim's family tell how they shamed killer of American Sniper in court...





'You live on safe in the hearts you left behind': American Sniper widow posts emotional tribute to her...





BREAKING: Three Brooklyn men who 'planned to travel to Syria to join ISIS and would have returned to New...





Mother, 46, who will become the first woman executed in Georgia in 70 years will now be put to death on...





Don't munch on bacon sandwiches, have steak with butter  and drink whole milk: The fats that you SHOULD be...





I’m overweight, and I hoard things: Hillary goes human in lead up to 2016 while showcasing herself as a mom...





Maraschino cherry tycoon kills himself as cops find 'Breaking Bad' drug lab and a fleet of luxury cars after...





Kanye West is the Muhammad Ali of showbusiness - cocky, dangerous, unpredictable, fearless, eloquent and the...





Hackers steal intimate pictures of Red Sox pitcher and his model wife and post them online





'They ran away from me!' Powerball winner reveals she terrified her children by screaming when she checked...





Muslim girl, 17, who was turned down for a job by Abercrombie & Fitch because she wears a headscarf takes...





No, it's not a mirage! The amazing oasis town that flourishes in the middle of the driest place on Earth





Bill O'Reilly accused of lying in best- selling book about being at door of 'ex-FBI agent who held key to...





Four Wesleyan students arrested after 'bad batch' of party drug Molly hospitalized twelve





ANOTHER former model comes forward to claim Bill Cosby sexually assaulted her in 1984 while posing as her...





Prosecutors to tell judge that Lindsay Lohan has tried to use time on STAGE in London as part of community...





Jamie Dornan steps out as he confirms he WILL make another Fifty Shades movie... but will wife Amelia Warner...





Who needs Brian Williams? NBC News keeps the ratings lead with Lester Holt who managed to GAIN viewers in...





ESPN's Keith Olbermann suspended for a week after labelling fundraising Penn State students 'pitiful' on...





Obama defies Republicans and rejects bipartisan Keystone XL oil pipeline bill





George Zimmerman  will NOT face civil federal rights charges for killing Trayvon Martin





Jihadi Sniper: ISIS respond to publicity surrounding Hollywood blockbuster about US marksman with slick...





ISIS burn 10,000 books and more than 700 rare manuscripts as they destroy library in Mosul in latest attack...





American woman kidnapped in Nigeria by masked gunmen who stormed her Christian school





Mysterious drones which sparked terror alert in France yesterday are spotted flying over Paris for a SECOND...





Three runaway teen 'jihadi brides' feared to be heading into the clutches of British women leading ISIS...





Terror fears as sophisticated mystery tunnel is found yards from Toronto stadium that hosts Canada's biggest...





ISIS 'planning to murder 150 Christian hostages if the US does not stop its air strikes' 





MORE HEADLINES







 
            Richard Pryor's widow brands Bill Cosby a hypocrite who 'had sex with everything that moved' in scathing interview
            



 
            College student arrested after 'tying up classmate with belts in his dorm before whipping and raping her in attempt to recreate scene from Fifty Shades of Grey'
            



 
            Maraschino cherry tycoon kills himself as cops find 'Breaking Bad' drug lab and a fleet of luxury cars after stumbling on hidden wall at factory
            



 
            Revealed: Brazilian former PORN STAR 'is owner of mystery hands behind $5million a year YouTube sensation Disney Collector'
            



 
            Is this spooky apparition the Grey Lady of Hampton Court? Schoolgirls claim to have captured ghost of servant who died of small pox after nursing Elizabeth I at the palace 
            



 
            American Sniper killer found GUILTY: Marine who shot dead Chris Kyle and his friend at Dallas gun range sentenced to life in prison
            



 
            Terror fears as sophisticated mystery tunnel is found yards from Toronto stadium that hosts Canada's biggest sporting events
            



 
            New terror alert for France after 'at least' five drones are spotted flying above Paris landmarks including Eiffel Tower and the US embassy 
            



 
            Youngest female killers on death row make desperate plea for a stay of execution as they call their impending death 'legal murder'
            



 
            Sealed with a kiss! John Travolta's awkward Oscar moment with Scarlett Johansson becomes immortalized with hilarious memes
            



 
            Vladimir Putin ordered Russian special forces to steal MH370 and secretly landed it at huge space port in Kazakhstan, claims expert
            



 
            PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Biceps? Check Six pack? Check.  Happy trail? Check check. Here's why the Lady is totally Gaga over new fiance Taylor Kinney
            



 
            Twin sisters both in bathtub while their mother and uncle were both home and now authorities have removed their older brother and launched a criminal investigation
            



 
            Bruce Jenner 'could face financial ruin if sued by family of widow killed in horror crash because his insurance policy only goes up to $250,000'
            



 
            EXCLUSIVE: Hugh Jackman has 'a thing' for a swingers' club, Anna Nicole Smith had vomit breath and Michael J. Fox's dirty word discovery: Confessions of the drug and sex crazed 'interviewer to the stars'
            



 
            EXCLUSIVE: The true story behind Jennifer Aniston's Cake - how movie's scriptwriter was inspired by the brutal murder of his brother's wife, baby daughter and mother-in-law
            



 
            Giant 8ft 9in catfish weighing 19 stone caught in Italy is thought to be the biggest ever reeled in with a rod and line
            



 
            Transgender model recreates Adam Levine's nude photo to break the stigma of what a female-to-male body can look like 
            



 
            Let her go! Disney snow queen Elsa from Frozen gets 'arrested' for stealing (the warm weather)
            



 
            Farewell old friend: US police officers and their dogs line the streets as veteran K-9 unit is taken to hospital to be put down, still carrying his favourite training sleeve
            



 
            Is this the real Athena poster girl? Pensioner claims cheeky 'Tennis Girl' model is in fact his ex-wife and that he has finally found evidence to prove it 
            



 
            Reflections of courage: Veterans' lives outside uniform captured in photo series 
            



 
            Man hurt in mysterious lavatory explosion at his friend's house
            



 
            Hackers steal intimate pictures of Red Sox pitcher and his model wife and post them online
            



 
            Invasion of the Snow People! Massive snowfall is forcing North Americans to dig snow tunnels to get around this winter
            



 
            How long before you can WALK to Brooklyn? Manhattan is encased in the worst ice for a decade as river freezes 
            



 
            Jihadi Sniper: ISIS respond to publicity surrounding Hollywood blockbuster about US marksman with slick video showing long range assassinations
            



 
            Kanye West is the Muhammad Ali of showbusiness - cocky, dangerous, unpredictable, fearless, eloquent and the world's greatest star
            



 
            That's one way to wind up in cuffs! Woman, 33, watching 50 Shades of Grey arrested for masturbating at movie theater in Mexico during S&M-filled drama
            


MOST READ IN DETAIL




















From the Makers of Candy Crush
Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now!



more
































Next story



      EXCLUSIVE: Hugh Jackman has 'a thing' for a swingers' club, Anna Nicole Smith had vomit breath and Michael J. Fox's dirty word discovery: Confessions of the drug and sex crazed 'interviewer to the stars'
    







53 comments
    






1 video
    










	SHARE PICTURE
      














Copy link to paste in your message



















Find out more...






Find out more...























 
 
Back to top






Home




U.K.




News




Sports




U.S. Showbiz




Australia




Femail




Health




Science




Money




Video




Travel




Columnists







Sitemap
Archive
Video Archive
Mobile Apps
RSS
Text-based site
Reader Prints
Our Papers
Top of page

Daily Mail
Mail on	Sunday
This is Network
Evening Standard
This is Money

Metro
Jobsite
Mail Travel
Zoopla.co.uk
Prime Location


Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group
© Associated Newspapers Ltd
Contact us
Advertise with us
US Careers at DailyMail.com
Terms
Privacy policy & cookies
















 











 
 

















