
	PM Stephen Harper's wife denies she's election weapon
 
	PM Stephen Harper's wife denies she's election weapon











































































WED, FEB 25, 2015| -12°CA few clouds




Full Text Archive






Traffic
Hot Topics
Photo Galleries
Video
Legal Matters











Delivery Questions
Submit to Calendar
In Your Neighbourhood










Contests
Letters
Movie Listings
Print Editions
Readers Choice































































Search News




Search Entire Site



















Login
SignUp












home
news
sports
what's on
opinion
community
Obituaries
Classifieds
Real Estate
shopping
jobs



Business
Crime
Municipal Election
Ontario
Canada




        18 minutes ago

Trial postponed for men accused in Bosma case
Trial postponed for two men accused in death of Tim Bosma          




Latest News SEE MORE

NewsAlert: 4 children die in Manitoba house fire
CUPE threatens strike at York, U-of-T
Theme park one idea to replace Sens if team leaves Kanata




Baseball
Basketball
Football
Golf
High School
Hockey
Soccer
World Cup




        25 minutes ago

Olsson of Sweden wins 15K freestyle race at Nordic worlds
Johan Olsson of Sweden wins men's 15K freestyle race at Nordic skiing...




Latest Sports SEE MORE

Stouffville peewee team opens OMHA semis tonight
Stouffville women eye Canada Sr. Games after winning hockey event
Canadian sevens coach tackling problems




Attractions
Contests
Events
Movies
Wow
Celebrity




        1 hour ago

Elisabeth Moss' Broadway challenge
Elisabeth Moss is proud of how "ballsy" she has been by taking on...




Arts & Entertainment SEE MORE

Vin Diesel to be father again
Kelly Clarkson's wife goal 
Khloe Kardashian: I'm maternal towards Kendall and Kylie




Blogs
Cartoon
Columns
Editorial
Letters




        23 hours ago

Have your say
Weigh in on issues affecting York Region with our weekly poll





Hudak hint
VIEW MORE OPINION





Health
Legal Matters
Readers' Choice




        1 hour ago

Mississauga man goes ‘all in’ to win $145K lottery
MISSISSAUGA – A Mississauga resident went ‘all in’ to win more than...




Community Stories SEE MORE

Newly discovered wasp named after Rask
Top 10 selling cars and vehicles in 2014
Doctor recalls era of measles before vaccine




Announcements
Autos
Real Estate
Rentals
YourClassifieds.ca
UsedYorkRegion.com





57% off Cheerleading Classes

discount: 57%
|
value: $350.00
|
You Save: $201.00


                        Time Remaining: 2 Days
                    








                        Reverse Mortgages - what are they?
                    






Business Listings
Coupons
Deals
Flyers
In Your Neighbourhood





57% off Cheerleading Classes

discount: 57%
|
value: $350.00
|
You Save: $201.00


                        Time Remaining: 2 Days
                    








                        Advantages to leasing over financing
                    










































HomeNewsPM Stephen Harper's wife denies she's election...


















|









                    Jan 29, 2015
                
 | 
Vote

0   

0



                PM Stephen Harper's wife denies she's election weapon
            









                                Vaughan visit
                            
Nick Iwanyshyn
Laureen Harper was in Vaughan Jan. 23 to speak with entrepreneurs, seniors and local child protection workers, along with MP Julian Fantino.




next
play/pause
pre









Vaughan Citizen

By
Adam Martin-Robbins






                            There’s been some buzz in the media recently that the Conservatives are putting Prime Minister Stephen Harper’s wife front and centre as a key component of the party’s campaign strategy heading into this year’s election, currently slated for October.
                        


Related Stories

Prime Minister Stephen Harper...




                            But during a visit to Vaughan last Friday, Laureen Harper bristled at the suggestion her appearance alongside embattled MP Julian Fantino had anything to do with electioneering.
                        

                            “Maybe you’re just noticing that we’re doing it now, but we have been doing this for a long time and that’s how we get our ideas,” Mrs. Harper said in an interview with the Citizen moments before a tightly controlled, carefully scripted roundtable on child protection at St. Angela Merici Catholic Elementary School in Woodbridge. 
                        

                            “Even when there wasn’t an election, I come anyways. So maybe you didn’t notice when I came out before, but I’ve always been out. So I always take issue with that statement because I think maybe you’re just figuring it out ... I’ve been coming to Vaughan for a long time.” 
                        




                            As a mother of teenagers, Mrs. Harper said she has an interest in child protection and that’s why she was in Vaughan speaking to about a dozen local parents, teachers and other school officials.
                        

                            The stop at the local school was one of at least three for Mrs. Harper and Fantino, who was demoted Jan. 5 from Veterans Affairs minister to associate minister of National Defence.
                        

                            Earlier in the day, they met with women entrepreneurs at an event organized by the Vaughan Chamber of Commerce and, in the evening, they met with local senior citizens.
                        

                            Fantino has held a number of these types of small-scale, closely managed events the past few weeks. Minister of State for Sport Bal Gosal and Fantino held a meeting with athletes and their parents on Jan. 13.
                        

                            They also stopped in at Father Bulfon Community Centre to play a game of bocce with local seniors.
                        

                            The week before, Fantino teamed up with Citizenship and Immigration Minister Chris Alexander to hold a pre-budget consultation session with local exporters and business leaders, including ardent local supporters Michael Tibollo and Tony Genco.
                        

                            Fantino, who has vowed to seek another term in office but has yet to be nominated, said these consultation sessions are routine and have nothing to do with the fact this is an election year.
                        

                            “We spend a lot of time connecting,” Fantino said. “We call these roundtables and we do it in various sectors, but it’s an ongoing effort.” 
                        

                            University of Toronto professor Sandford Borins said while he can’t comment on the Conservatives’ consultation processes, these types of events certainly mirror the party’s campaigning style.
                        

                            “Not that other parties don’t do it, but they’ve certainly focused on that,” said Borins, who teaches public management. “The other thing is that, as I understand it, Fantino rarely went to all-candidates’ debates in the past. So he doesn’t seem to be someone who likes the unstructured nature of a debate.”
                        

                            Of course, Laureen Harper’s visit might have been intended to serve another purpose, he noted.
                        

                            “The other thing that could be going on is that sending Mrs. Harper (to Vaughan) is a way of Stephen Harper saying that he continues to stand by Fantino,” Borins said. “I mean, that’s a very clear signal because he could very well have canned Fantino. The demotion, he could have taken it a step further and asked Fantino not to run again.”
                        

























|


































(2) Comment



By Nadine |
JANUARY 29, 2015 08:25 PM


From Tracey Kent, former Conservative Party member, ex CFO/Executive Director and Board Director of Conservative Federal MP Julian Fantino’s Vaughn Riding in Ontario:

April 2011 Open letter to Minister and Vaughan Conservative Assoc. from life-long Conservative re Julian Fantino, CON FED MP:

Excerpts:  I can no longer be a member of the Vaughan Conservative Association.  My values do not shift overnight, nor can be compromised.

Being a social and fiscal Conservative, I am frustrated by the direction our riding and our Party have taken.  Neither represents those of us who are grass roots, former reformers, fiscally responsible or who have strong core religious values.

http://tcnanonftp.tcn.net/Open_Letter_to_Fantino.pdf

-30-



13  

6





By Nadine |
JANUARY 29, 2015 08:24 PM


Harper Federal Conservative Government sends his ex-wife Laureen to Vaughn to try and wash the Vet-Abusing stink off of Juilian Fantino in time for the election (fixed election date this October 2015).

..................

Laureen stopped posing with her second husband Stephen Harper in x-mas cards in 2007 (her first husband was Neil Fenton).  Why?  Because she left Harper, and took their two kids with her.

Here's all their December Holiday cards pinned to one board.

http://www.pinterest.com/nadinel007/harper-family-seasonal-holiday-cards-aka-christmas/

#cdnpoli





21  

7









( Page 1 of 1 )




Join The Conversation
Sign Up
Login





































Most Popular










                            Police talk details of secret tunnel near Pan Am site
                        








                            Aerial view reveals Newmarket Health Centre's 'dangling penis'
                        








                            Firefighters battle blaze at Vaughan golf course
                        








                            Dine Safe: Restaurants in Markham, Newmarket cited
                        








                            Police seek witnesses following serious snowmobile crash on Simcoe
                        








In Your Neighbourhood Today












                            Home ownership still matters after retirement at kingsmere village
                        

Moving to  Kingsmere Village  doesn’t mean you are giving up home ownership, it means you  are...







                            The Infiniti Personal Assistant
                        

Have you ever wished you sometimes had an extra pair of hands? Or something that can make your life...







                            The multi-functions of 19 on the Park
                        

19 on the Park is a multi-function building located in the heart of Stouffville. Also known as the...







                            Realtor offers strong negotiating skills to help you buy or sell a home
                        

Paula Casey, Sales Representative for Sutton Group Future Realty Inc., Brokerage in Newmarket (York...


SPONSORED CONTENT
View More










 





 



 6-Course Dinner for 2 at Day & Night Steakhouse 

 $75

                                View Deal
                            






 Half off Italian Dining 

 $25

                                View Deal
                            


 



 45% off Cheesesteaks, Poutine and More 

 $11

                                View Deal
                            






 Up to 55% off Escape Game Admission 

 $25

                                View Deal
                            


 



 83% off Salon and Spa Services 

 $29

                                View Deal
                            






 50% off Scuba Diving Lessons 

 $30

                                View Deal
                            


 



 62% off Spa Packages 

 $49

                                View Deal
                            






 83% off Belly-Fit Dancing 

 $19

                                View Deal
                            




View All Deals



















MORE NEWS









                                    NewsAlert: 4 children die in Manitoba house fire
                                








                                    Theme park one idea to replace Sens if team leaves Kanata
                                








                                    1 man injured, 1 man charged following Vaughan crash
                                








                                    Brampton family files $12.5 million wrongful death suit against hospital
                                








                                    Thornhill man charged in Toronto sex assault
                                























































York Region Info
About Us
Accessible Customer Service Policy
Commenting Guidelines
Commitment to Accessibility
Community Services
Contact Us
Content Removal Policy
Corporate Sales
Mobile
Newsletter Signup
Print Editions
Sitemap
Staff Directory
Work For Us


Local Info
Announcements
Classifieds
Jobs
Real Estate
Rentals
Shopping
AutoCatch.com


Community Sites
BramptonGuardian.com
CaledonEnterprise.com
DurhamRegion.com
InsideHalton.com
InsideToronto.com
Mississauga.com
MuskokaRegion.com
Orangeville.com
ParrySound.com
Simcoe.com
TheIFP.ca


Resources
Goldbook.ca
HockeyNow.ca
InsuranceHotline.com
Leasebusters.com
MetrolandStore.com
Save.ca
Toronto.com
TravelAlerts.ca
Wagjag.com
Workopolis


Daily Newspapers
The Guelph Mercury
The Hamilton Spectator
The Toronto Star
The Waterloo Region Record









Metroland News
|
Advertising Terms
|
Corporate Privacy Policy
© Copyright Metroland 2015. All rights reserved.



































































