Redesigning Democracy: The Voting Project- Eventbrite  
Redesigning Democracy: The Voting Project- Eventbrite

Invalid quantity.  Please enter a quantity of 1 or more.
The quantity you chose exceeds the quantity available.
Please enter your name.
Please enter an email address.
Please enter a valid email address.
Please enter your message or comments.
Please enter the code as shown on the image.
Please select the date you would like to attend.
Please enter an email address.
Please enter a valid email address in the To: field.
Please enter a subject for your message.
Please enter a message.
You can only send this invitations to 10 email addresses at a time.
$$$$ is not a properly formatted color.  Please use the format #RRGGBB for all colors.
Please limit your message to $$$$ characters. There are currently ££££.
$$$$ is not a valid email address.
Please enter a promotional code.
N/A
Sold Out

    Unavailable
    

You have exceeded the time limit and your reservation has been released.
    The purpose of this time limit is to ensure that registration is available to as many people as possible.  We apologize for the inconvenience.
This option is not available anymore. Please choose a different option.
Please read and accept the waiver.
All fields marked with * are required.
Please double check your email address.  The email address format does not appear valid.
$$$$ requires a number between ££££ and §§§§
US Zipcodes need to be 5 digits.
Postal code may contain no more than 9 letter or number characters.
Please double check your website URL.
All fields marked with * are required.
Your credit card expiration date is in the past.
Your credit card CSC needs to be 4 digits.
Please confirm your order:$$$$You have selected to Pay by Check.Click OK to confirm your order.
Please confirm your order:$$$$You have selected to Pay at the Door.Click OK to confirm your order.
Please confirm your order: $$$$You have selected to Pay upon Receiving an Invoice.Click OK to confirm your order.
Your credit card CSC needs to be 3 digits.
Sofort is only available in Germany and Austria.
Please enter a valid IBAN number.
You need to accept to charge your bank account.
Your billing zip code needs to be 5 digits.
There was a problem saving your address.
There was a problem saving your credit card info.
There was a problem saving your personal information.
Please select the date you would like to attend.
McAfee Secure sites help keep you safe from identity theft, credit card fraud, spyware, spam, viruses and online scams.
Copying Prohibited by Law - McAfee Secure is a Trademark of McAfee, Inc.
Unknown card type.
No card number provided.
Credit card number is in invalid format.
Wrong card type or credit card number is invalid.
Credit card number has an inappropriate number of digits.
Please enter numbers here.
Please enter an integer value.
Numbers must be less or equal to $$$$
All the required fields have not been filled out.  Click OK to proceed without all the required information, or click Cancel to finish entering the missing data.
Please enter a donation amount.
Please select an attendee for donation.
There is currently an issue with credit card submission on Safari with iOS7.  Please try again with a different browser or device.
Sorry, invalid event registration form.
Sorry, invalid event or database error.
Sorry, quantity must be a positive integer.
Sorry, you did not select a valid ticket.
Sorry, invalid event organizer email address.
Your order was canceled.
Thank You. Your order has been successfully completed. Your name and email address have been added to the list of event attendees.
Sorry, that option is sold out.
Sorry, that option is no longer available.
Sorry, you entered an invalid quantity. Please enter a quantity of 1 or more next to the type or types of tickets you would like to purchase.
Sorry, you did not select any tickets to purchase. Please enter a quantity of 1 or more next to the type or types of tickets you would like to purchase.

    Sorry, there are no tickets left for this event.
The tickets, ticket quantity or date and time you've requested are no longer available, due to previous sales. Please choose a different date, time or number of tickets and place your order again.
Sorry, one or more of the tickets you requested are no longer available for purchase.
Sorry, you need to select the date you want to attend.
Sorry, the promotional code you entered is not valid yet.
Sorry, the promotional code you entered has expired.
Sorry, the promotional code you entered is not valid.
Your session has expired.  Try ordering again.
Sorry, your requested ticket quantity exceeds the number provided by your promotional code.
Sorry, you need to enable javascript to place an order.How do I enable JavaScript on my computer?
Sorry, the payment type chosen is invalid for this event.

    Sorry, there is only 1 ticket left for this event.


We're sorry, this invitation is invalid.
We're sorry, this invitation has already been used.
We're sorry, you already have an order being processed for this event. Please wait a few minutes and try again.
We're sorry, there is a problem with your invitation. Please try again.
Invalid quantity of tickets selected.
Invalid donation amount.
Sorry, the promotional code you entered has been claimed.
The payment was cancelled.
The payment was declined by the bank.
The payment failed.
The payment expired.
Bummer! This team is full. Please join a different team.
Sorry, the tickets you've selected are no longer available.
An error was encountered processing your order. Please be aware that you may only be completing one order at a time (including transfers).
Based on the quantity selected we are unable to seat your group together. Please try a smaller quantity.
Sorry, it looks like something went wrong. Please select your tickets and try again.
Sorry, the payment type chosen is invalid for this event.
Sorry, your billing address was not saved properly, please try again.
Sorry, we experienced an internal error, please try again.
The captcha you entered is invalid. Please try again.
Invalid credit card selected. You have been logged out.
Sorry, your team selection was not valid.
Sorry, the payment type chosen is invalid for this event.
Sorry, your billing address was not saved properly, please try again.
Sorry, we experienced an internal error, please try again.
Please double check your email address.  The email address format does not appear valid.
State
Zip Code
Province
Postal Code
County
State/Territory
State/Province


Skip Main Navigation





Eventbrite






Search menu



Search for events











change the location of your search











                  
         Discover

                



Sign up
Log in

Help 




                                How it works
                            


                            What it costs to create events
                            


                            Where to find your tickets
                            


                            How to contact the event organizer
                            



                                Help Center 





Create Event




Menu





                            Help
                        

Sign up
Log in
Create Event 








Page Content




    This event has ended





None








Redesigning Democracy: The Voting Project


                                        The Human Project
                                    

Monday, December 8, 2014 from 7:00 PM to 9:00 PM (GMT)


Manchester, United Kingdom
































Ticket Information






        Type

End



Quantity



        FREE TICKET

    

            Ended
        


            
        Free

    

             
    














Who's Going


        Loading your connections...
    




3 of your friends are going.
        Share it to get more people on board! Share







Sara Haughty
San Francisco, California
            







Luke Picard
London, United Kingdom
            







Rick Vespucio
Florence, Italy
            






Share Redesigning Democracy: The Voting Project


                Share
            



                Tweet
            







                        
         Event Details

                



What if we voted for policies instead of parties? Join us to discuss a groundbreaking digital election based on ideas, not personalities.
We don’t know who will end up in charge after next year’s general election. But we do know our laws will be made by people most of us won’t vote for. As usual, the election will be all about party politics, squabbling politicians and polarised debating. Nobody will ask us to choose the policies. It’s all a bit Victorian.
What if we 21st centuried things up a bit? What if we did away with all those noisy distractions and just voted on ideas? Most people do care and can think for themselves, so why not give them the chance?
THE VOTING PROJECT will be our challenge to the system. We’re planning to launch an alternative election and we’d love to tell you all about it. The people, not the parties will generate the ideas. What’s more, we’ll involve all sorts of researchers, designers, artists and comedians to help us along the way. We’ve even got Robin Ince and Josie Long to host our results event. We’re not politicos, just ordinary people who think the UK can do better.
If you can spare an hour or two on Monday, and fancy not talking about politicians over mulled wine and tasty treats join us at SpacePortX in Manchester.
We’ll tell you about our plans, take a sideways look at the way we do elections and will welcome your comments and ideas. We can’t promise you an In/Out Referendum or a cut in tuition fees, but we can promise free food and booze, a stimulating evening, policy selfies, a bit of a laugh and maybe even balloons.
Find out more about the project.



                Have questions about Redesigning Democracy: The Voting Project? 
                
                    Contact The Human Project
                







                                        When & Where
                                    













SpacePortX


                        24/26 Lever Street 

M1 1DZ Manchester
United Kingdom




Monday, December 8, 2014 from 7:00 PM to 9:00 PM (GMT)
                                                






  Add to my calendar


  Outlook Calendar


  Google Calendar


  Yahoo! Calendar


  iCal Calendar





Organizer


The Human Project

We use design and technology to advance human rights and promote positive social change.





 
                    Contact the Organizer
                




                        View organizer profile
                    



                            HumanProj
                        

 


1

                            past event on Eventbrite
                        


 
 
 


 
 



Interested in hosting your own event?

                            Join millions of people on Eventbrite.
                        

Learn More









                    Contact Organizer
                







                    Your message has been sent!
                










                        Your Name
                    






                        Email Address
                    






                        Message
                    







                            Enter the code as shown below:
                        









                            Your email will only be seen by the event organizer.
                        

Find out more about how your privacy is protected.









                        Send message
                    

                        Please wait...
                    


                    Cancel
                





                    Close
                






Eventbrite

            Use Eventbrite for event ticketing and online event registration


                    ©2015 Eventbrite


About
Terms
Privacy
Help Center
Cookie Policy




            Already registered?
            Get your tickets

                Questions?
                
                    Contact the organizer
                






Please log in or sign up


In order to purchase these tickets in installments, you'll need an Eventbrite account. Log in or sign up for a free account to continue.


Log in
Sign up



































