Mrs Windsor abdication. Presidential election needed • Bruce On Politics 
Mrs Windsor abdication. Presidential election needed • Bruce On Politics



Skip to content



Primary Menu

Home
About


Search for:








Bruce On Politics A reasonable person's sensible commentary on the political environment 


Home
> 2014
> December
> 19
> Mrs Windsor abdication. Presidential election needed




Mrs Windsor abdication. Presidential election needed

Bruce
19 December 2014
1 


Hello there! If you are new here, you might want to subscribe to the RSS feed for updates on this topic.Powered by WP Greet Box WordPress Plugin
The head of state of the United Kingdom is passed down through the German Windsor ( formerly Saxe-Coburg and Gotha ) family. There are many reasons why this should not continue:

It is morally wrong for one person to have so much power, entitlement and privilege purely as an accident of birth.
We are supposedly a democratic nation with commensurate rights and freedoms. A hereditary head of state is as undemocratic as you can get.
It is inconceivable, out of a 60 million population, that the next Windsor is the best person for the job.
The Windsor family are deeply mired in the evil that is freemasonry. We need less of this in our establishment, not more.
The Windsors are very expensive, about £300 million every year  equivalent to the cost of 14,000 nurses, 13,000 police officers and 14,000 teachers. A lot of money for what we get.
With the Windsors we don’t just pay for a head of state. There is a whole extended family and lots of hangers on to be kept in the highest life style with our money.
The current Queen has been anodyne and ineffectual, waving and cutting ribbons for over 60 years. Compare and contrast with some great Irish presidents, for instance, who cost their nation a hundredth as much.
For a long time Prince Charles has been undemocratically and secretly interfering in government with his missives to ministers. This is so very wrong. The “black spider memos” should be published.

It can be done so much better, as Ireland has proven with Mary Robinson, Mary McAleese and Michael D. Higgins. Here are a few suggestions for a democratic UK head of state:

Ban all freemasons from nomination. They are a state within a state.
Minimum age 35, as in Ireland.
Seven year terms, as in Ireland. Maximum of two terms.
Candidate must never have held elected office before. We don’t want tired old Westminster has beens like Tony Blair in the job.
A nomination process that sensibly reduces the number of candidates.

The end of Elizabeth’s reign is a very good time to implement this much needed change.
George VI, freemason Windsor
————————————————————————————-
The only Westminster party to officially advocate a republic are The Green Party:
PA600 The Green Party believes that the hereditary principle should have no place in government. Therefore the Green Party advocates that:
No person shall acquire the right to any office of government by inheritance.
An hereditary peerage shall confer no right to sit in Parliament (see PA455).
The monarchy shall cease to be an office of government. The legislative, executive and judicial roles of the monarch shall cease.
Peers and members of the royal family shall have the same civil rights and fiscal obligations as other citizens.
A settlement of property held by the current royal family shall be made, to divide it between that required for the private life of current members of the family and that to be public property.
Be sociable, share!










Tweet

Related
 

Posted in Opinion, Policy Tagged Bruce Everiss, Bruce on Politics 



1 Comment




 mick1884
2 months ago
Permalink


The politicians get enough say and pay on what happens in/to this country. What difference would another one make to better this great country of ours . Very little in my opinion . He/She would just be someone else getting paid a lot of money to do very little .

Reply 
 


Leave a reply Cancel reply







Previous Post: Is Putin the worst thing to happen to Russia? Next Post: The Interview. Nothing to laugh at 


Primary Sidebar


Search for:



Feed 
Want to help? 





About me 
I'm Bruce Everiss, a veteran games industry marketer. More.
Ads 


  Latest posts 

Attlee, a disaster for Britain


What happens to the missing children?


Psephology of GE15


Some great Green Party policies


Why we like big corporations


What should we do about Putin?


How Attlee starved the British people


How to avoid paying tax


There is no poverty in Britain


TTIP is coming. And you will love it


Margaret Hodge and tax


More proof, Labour don’t understand economics


Zero hours = brilliant


Miliband rank hypocrisy


An example of bad capitalism


Blogroll

Adam Smith Institute
Amnesty International
Anna Raccoon
Archbishop Cranmer
Benedict Brogan
Big Brother Watch
Bruce Everiss
Bruce on Games
Bruce on Shaving
Bruciebabe
Centre for Policy Studies
Coffee House
ConservativeHome
Daniel Hannan
David Icke
Devil's Kitchen
Dick Puddlecote
Dizzy Thinks
Douglas Carswell
Electronic Intifada
Ephesians
Exaro
Freemasonry Watch
Gideon Levy
GigaLiving
Guardian
Guido Fawkes' Blog
Haaretz
Human Rights Watch
Ian Dale's Diary
Institute of Economic Affairs
John Redwood
Kerry McCarthy
Labour List
Labour Uncut
Left Foot Forwards
Liberal Conspiracy
Liberal Democrat Voice
Libertarian party member's blog
Libertarian Party Website
Liberty
Mark Wadsworth
Michael White
Nigel Fletcher. Artist.
Obnoxio the Clown
Old Holborn
Policy Exchange
Political Betting
Political Scrapbook
Private Eye
Richard Dawkins
Samizdata
Subrosa
The Bow Group
The Daily Mash
The FW Blog
The Taxpayers' Alliance
The Third Estate
Tim Worstall
Transparency International
UK Human Rights Blog








					Copyright © 2015 Bruce On Politics. Powered by WordPress and Stargazer.				



















