Welcome To Young Money Zone: Northern Pro-Democracy Activists Want USA To Call Buhari For Trial Over 2011 Post -Election Violence #FreeAndFairElections 
Welcome To Young Money Zone: Northern Pro-Democracy Activists Want USA To Call Buhari For Trial Over 2011 Post -Election Violence #FreeAndFairElections






























































Welcome To Young Money Zone



This Blog spot is all about the information on Entertainment , Sports, News around the Globe, Fashion, gist and whatever good you can ever dream about in this our World of great possibilities. This is the Biggest Blog of the 21st century.




















Pages


Home
About Me


















































































Thursday, 29 January 2015








Northern Pro-Democracy Activists Want USA To Call Buhari For Trial Over 2011 Post -Election Violence #FreeAndFairElections







Major-General Muhammadu Buhari

The Northern Coalition for Democracy and Justice, NCDJ, a Northern pro-democracy activists have written a letter to the United States of America's government through its Secretary of State, John Kerry as well to the US Ambassador to Nigeria, stating that the All Progressive Congress (APC) Presidential candidate, Rtd, Major-General Muhammadu Buhari, be called for trial over the 2011 post-election violence  which led to thousands of deaths in Nigeria.


The said letter was signed by the Dr. Ibrahim Baba (Secretary Research and Documentation), Mr. Yunana Shubkau (Publicity Secretary) and Umar Farouk (Secretary General) which was dated the 25th January, 2015.

The NCDJ, affirmed that they have already taken Buhari to the International Criminal Court (ICC) , was only requiring the support of the United States government to mandate Buhari to appear before the court of law.

It was said that Buhari should appear before the ICC as well as other political gladiators to categorically state their roles in the 2011 post-election violence which occurred in Nigeria as well as the  2012, 2013 and 2014, which preceded the forth coming 2015 general elections.




Posted by



Young Money Zone




at

Thursday, January 29, 2015
















Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest














No comments:







Post a Comment

























Newer Post


Older Post

Home




Subscribe to:
Post Comments (Atom)










Pageviews last month
















Picture Gallery




Loading...














About Me





Young Money Zone





View my complete profile











Blog Archive





February (23)
      

January (68)
      

December (183)
      

November (470)
      

October (354)
      

September (781)
      

August (325)
      














Good Morning Nigerians

Good Morning Nigerians With Magnus HyacinthOsu Caste in Igbo-land;Episode IOsu-Caste in Igbo-land; Episode IIOsu-caste in Igbo-land; Episode IIIOsu-caste in Igbo-land; Episode IVOsu-caste in Igbo-land; Episode VSensitization of Youths; Episode ISensitization of Youths; Episode IISensitization of Youths; Episode IIISensitization of Youths; Episode IVSensitization of Youths; Episode VSensitization of Youths; Episode VIBeauty & Burden Of Democracy; Episode IBeauty & Burden of Democracy;Episode II


























For Contact & Adverts

Tel:08145058710Email: ymzonline596@gmail.com


















Popular Posts









 Don Jazzy And Psquare  Shoot Video In Cape Town Directed By Engees Okoye And Clarence Peters #CelebrityWorld
  Jude Engees Okoye, Paul Okoye, Don Jazzy, Peter Okoye and Clarence Peters in Cape Town for Video Shoot   Right here is a lovely video coll...










John Dumelo Celebrates 31st Birthday As Yvonne Nelson Says She's Not Dating Him #CelebrityWorld
  John Dumelo and Yvonne Nelson looking good together   Superstar actor, John Dumelo was on the 3rd of February celebrated his 31st birthday...










Check Out TY Bello's Pictures And Her Adorable Twins On Cover Page Of Genevieve Magazine February Edition  #CelebrityWorld
  Wow! See pretty photo of TY Bello and her adorable kids on Cover page of Genevieve Magazine   Here comes the pretty photos of singer and a...










 Wow! Dare Art Alade Is The Man of The Year Amongst Nigerian Artistes #LovedByAll #CelebrityWorld
  Dare Art Alade celebrates birthday today in a handsome cover pose    This is so thrilling to know that the Nigerian singer,  Dare Art Alad...










Bobbi Kristina Brown In Life Support As Family Schedules Same Death Day With Whitney Houston #CelebrityWorld
  Whitney and Bobbi Kristina to die same day February 11th, confirms family source   The only child of Whitney Houston, Bobbi Kristina Brown...










Read Nkiru Sylavanus Interview Culled From Linda Ikeji Blog #CelebrityWorld
  Nkiru Sylvanus in exclusive interview about marriage rumours   Here Nollywood actress, Nkiru Sylvanus talked about the rumours about her b...










Breaking News : Professor With Wife And Sister Found Dead In Their Home 
  Prof James Wilbanks and wife, Tatiana Wilbanks   It's quite terrifying over the strange death of a University Professor together with ...










[See Photos] Ivory Coast Emerges The Winner Of African Cup Of Nations #AFCON2015Champions 
  Yaya Toure of Ivory Coast lifting the AFCON 2015 in Equatorial Guinea on Sunday   The 2015 African Cup of Nations held in Equatorial Guine...










See Photos of Artistes Campaigning For President Goodluck Jonathan #SupportGEJ2015
   Actors, actresses & other entertainers take over the campaign in Asaba   Wow! right here are the many Nigerian artistes from both the...










Latest News: Britain To Contribute $50 million To IMF Over Ebola Fund Relief #EVD
   British Finance Minister, George Osborne   On Monday, the 9th February 2015, Britain made it known through its Finance Minister, George O...























































Awesome Inc. template. Template images by molotovcoketail. Powered by Blogger.



































