Election Day: CT Voters to Decide on State Voting Restrictions 
Election Day: CT Voters to Decide on State Voting Restrictions


 











 





 

 

Skip to content
Home
About

About Northend Agent’s


Contact
Submission Guidelines
Advertise

Advertise with NEA


 



 

  
 


 Connecticut Election Day: CT Voters to Decide on State Voting Restrictions

Election Day: CT Voters to Decide on State Voting Restrictions

 NorthendA •November 3, 2014Connecticut, Elections, Policy, Politics 

This Tuesday (tomorrow) Election Day will finally be upon voters in the state of Connecticut. On the ballot this year will be a question about the Constitutional Amendment (The Early Voting Amendment), proposed to help improve voter turnout, by eliminating early voting restrictions and enabling wider access to absentee ballots.
Question 1, which was approved by the state senate last year, will read:
“Shall the Constitution of the State be amended to remove restrictions concerning absentee ballots and to permit a person to vote without appearing at a polling place on the day of an election?”
If the amendment passes, the general assembly will have the authority to pass a law that will allow voters to cast votes without having to appear at their designated polling places during Election Day, or provide a reason why they’re casting an absentee vote. Often, being out of town, age, physical limitations and poor health have, reportedly, been the primary reasons why people have cast absentee ballots. The amendment would ensure that every Connecticut resident gets to exercise their right to vote; an important change, particularly in the wake of reported voter suppression tactics in other states (most notably in North Carolina).
Voting yes on Tuesday is a revolutionary move that will give the state’s voting laws a much needed update, in addition to helping prompt more participation sans barriers. Just this past February, Connecticut became the 15th state in the country, and the first state in New England, to provide online voter registration; and more than 30,000 state voters utilized the new system to either register or change their affiliation.
Tonight, before heading to your polling station to cast your vote, make sure to utilize online resources to insure that your voting eligibility is up-to-date,  you know what identification to bring (if applicable), find out about candidates and to look for your proper polling station.

When considering the ballot question, keep in mind that your voice matters and you can help enact change in Connecticut and in your respective community, while naysayers of the amendment are betting on residents not knowing enough about the amendment to have the wherewithal to help expand their voting interests; Question 1 is a non-partisan issue designed to help bolster your rights as a voter in Connecticut, while other states in the country are working to intimidate and restrict those of other communities.
Like this:Like Loading...

Related
 

  connecticut, early voting, Election Day, Question one, State of Connecticut, Voting, voting restrictions.  Bookmark. 


 On Healing: Family Secrets, Domestic Violence & Generational Abuse
Editor’s Note: Hot Button Issues & Staying Informed 







Find us on FacebookFollow NEA on TwitterMy Tweets 



 





Contact Us Northend Agent’s LLC
Mailing: P.O. Box 2308
Hartford, CT 06146-2308
Office: 150 Trumbull Street, 4th FL
Hartford, CT 06103-2308
(860) 478.5514
Advertising: yallen@northendagents.com
Editorial:yallen@northendagents.com
Yolanda Allen:yallen@northendagents.com

 




 © Northend Agent's 2012-2014 All Rights Reserved 
	Powered by Tempera &   WordPress.		




















%d bloggers like this:



