Oh My: Audit Finds Evidence of Widespread Voter Fraud in North Carolina  - Guy Benson  - Linkis.com 
Oh My: Audit Finds Evidence of Widespread Voter Fraud in North Carolina  - Guy Benson  - Linkis.com










Close panel

http://townhall.com/tipsheet/guybenson/2014/04/03/oh-my-evidence-of-massive-voter-fraud-in-north-carolina-n1818137

                69 views
                 •  tweets
        



Oh My: Audit Finds Evidence of Widespread Voter Fraud in North Carolina - Guy Benson
linkis.com/townhall.com/tipshee/XJXYm

10 months ago 








                            eph4_15                    




Promote your business easily and effectively with Linkis
Create promo


Doyl L Watson II thinks you might be interested in


















Like                

RT
Twitter API is not answering.Please wait 5 sec and try again

















 










Tweet
Cancel
0/120


 

Linkis

Login






Close panel
Settings




















        Log in via social networks    







or






Comments are available for registered users only.Sign up and authorize our application.


Your account data is broken. You can fix it right now

We were unable to connect your Twitter account
Possible causes include:

Your Twitter password changed.
You have not granted Linkis.com approval to share to your Twitter account.
Some other complicated issue we can't quite explain.

To fix this, reconnect Linkis.com to Twitter… Log in via Twitter


We were unable to connect your Facebook account
Possible causes include:

Your Facebook password changed.
You have not granted Linkis.com approval to share to your Facebook account.
Some other complicated issue we can't quite explain.

To fix this, reconnect Linkis.com to Facebook… Log in via Facebook





Experience instant customization!
Tired of manually customizing all the links in your Twitter feed? Meet our super-duper feature which makes it even easier to share!
Turn on Twitter automation


Well done! Now you can keep tweeting the way you usually do. All the boring job will be done for you by our service.
Note that you can switch Twitter automation OFF in your Settings menu




Well done! Now you can keep tweeting the way you usually do. All the boring job will be done for you by our service.
Note that you can switch Twitter automation OFF in your Settings menu


Close

Create promo

Add URL and few words about it.Everyone who visits this page will see it.Hint: set default promo in your settings.






Fetch













0/120





Save



Delete promo block?
This promo is not the same as you indicated in your settings.  By deleting current promo you will leave the block blank. Are you sure?

Yes, delete
or
Use my default promo link


Open your Twitter potential and see the profit!
People are already having fun with Linkis.com, sharing links easily and customizing them in few simple
        clicks.
It's super cool automation feature does everything for you. Sit back and have fun while we make your tweets
        beneficial!
Connect and turn on Twitter automation



@eph4_15
            would highly appreciate your RT. You can retweet right here by simply clicking on the button below        

            Retweet        

            You can't retweet your own tweet        


                Maybe some other time            




            We had problem retweet on your behalf, but you can        

            Retweet manually
        











Close

Close











