Welcome | Oh Alright!  
Welcome | Oh Alright!






Oh Alright!
Everything is possible…







English
Deutsch
Español
Français
日本語
Русский
Italiano
中文
Nederlands
Português
Polski
العربية
More languages…


Where to?English
Deutsch
Español
Français
日本語
Русский
Italiano
中文
Nederlands
Português
Polski
العربية
More languages...











Create your new website for free.Oh Alright! is the only placefor your personal blog or business site. Sign-up here »

Already a member?






Remember Me












Welcome



SELL – MARKET – TEACH – ORGANIZE – MANAGE
WRITE – COLLABORATE – COMMUNICATE




Oh Alright! is the easiest way to create a powerful website or beautiful blog.



It doesn’t matter whether you are a casual blogger or business owner, Oh Alright! has a solution for you!

Blogger (casual)
Pro-blogger (professional)
CMS Starter (charities / non-profit organizations / sole-proprietors)
CMS Intermediate (small to medium business), and
CMS Professional (medium to large business)

With the Oh Alright! Content Management Systems (CMS) you can:

manage an e-commerce store (products, payments, deliveries, invoicing..)
run online courses (content, assignments, progress, payments..)
manage events (invites, attending, not-attending) or appointments
setup an online forum, wiki, classifieds or directory
and lots more…

And no you aren’t on your own Oh Alright! offers support, training videos and tutorials for you get to get started and to build the worlds next mega-site!
So, get started right now and enjoy the benefits of managing your own website or blog!






In the news







Nine people, including the gunman, are killed in a shooting in the Czech town of Uherský Brod.

Birdman wins four Oscars, including Best Picture and Best Director (Alejandro González Iñárritu, pictured), at the Academy Awards.
In stock car racing, Joey Logano wins NASCAR's Daytona 500.

Prokopis Pavlopoulos is elected President of Greece.

Limpet teeth are found to have the highest tensile strength among biomaterials, outperforming spider silk.
At least sixteen people are killed in a stampede at a Mardi Gras parade in Port-au-Prince, Haiti.

Ongoing: Boko Haram – Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant – War in UkraineRecent deaths: Clark Terry – Daniel Topolski – D. Ramanaidu





On this day...





February 25: Soviet Occupation Day in Georgia (1921); National Day in Kuwait (1961)





1570 – Pope Pius V issued the papal bull Regnans in Excelsis to excommunicate Queen Elizabeth I and her followers in the Church of England.

1836 – American inventor and industrialist Samuel Colt received a patent for a "revolving gun", later known as a revolver.

1948 – Fearful of civil war and Soviet intervention in recent unrest, Czechoslovakian president Edvard Beneš (pictured) ceded control over the government to the Communist Party.

1992 – Nagorno-Karabakh War: Armenian armed forces killed 613 ethnic Azerbaijani civilians from the town of Khojali in the Nagorno-Karabakh region of Azerbaijan.

2011 – The Fianna Fáil-led government suffered the worst defeat of a sitting Irish government since the formation of the Irish state in 1921.

More anniversaries: February 24 – February 25 – February 26
It is now February 25, 2015 (UTC) – Reload this page







From today's featured article






"The Unnatural" is the 19th episode of the sixth season of the American science fiction television series The X-Files, which first aired on April 25, 1999, on the Fox network. The series centers on FBI special agents Fox Mulder (David Duchovny) and Dana Scully (Gillian Anderson), who work on cases linked to the paranormal. This episode was written and directed by Duchovny (pictured), and received positive reviews from critics and a viewership of 16.88 million people on its debut. In the episode, Arthur Dales (M. Emmet Walsh), the brother of a previously recurring retired FBI agent, tells Mulder the story of a black baseball player who played for the Roswell Grays in Roswell, New Mexico, in 1947 under the pseudonym "Josh Exley" (Jesse L. Martin). Exley is actually an alien who is later tracked down by the Alien Bounty Hunter (Brian Thompson) and executed for betraying his people. The episode was inspired by the 1947 Roswell Incident. Many of the outdoor baseball scenes were filmed at Jay Littleton Ballfield, an all-wood stadium in Ontario, California. The episode has been critically examined for its use of literary motifs, its fairy tale-like structure, and its themes of racism and alienation. (Full article...)
Recently featured: Oryzomys – Afonso, Prince Imperial of Brazil – Clarence 13X





Did you know...





From Wikipedia's new and recently improved content:




... that on her first mission, the Phoenix (pictured) helped to save over 3000 migrants and refugees in less than three months?
... that in 2002, Indonesian taekwondo practitioner Juana Wangsa Putri won a silver medal at the Asian Championships and a bronze at the Asian Games?
... that The Demands of Liberal Education concludes that parental school choice limits capacity for autonomy and, consequently, individual liberty?
... that Guadeloupe-born Élie Bloncourt was permanently blinded in World War I and part of the French resistance movement in World War II?
... that the 2012 western Django Unchained is currently Quentin Tarantino's highest-grossing film?
... that according to the Dečani chronicle, Skanderbeg deserted Ottoman forces in 1444, after being defeated by Serbian Despot Đurađ Branković?
... that while Edward Bishop was chairman, the Christchurch (New Zealand) Town Council nearly went bankrupt?
... that Foxboro Park could not fill all of its thoroughbred racing dates due to a lack of horses?











Search: 




Oh Alright! Member Services:Oh Alright! Affiliates
Oh Alright! Jobs
Oh Alright! Experts
Oh Alright! Community Support
Trending Posts: 
mashable published 'Parks and Rec' cast bid farewell with an emotional 'Bye, Bye Li'l Sebastian' 15 mins ago  · comment (0)mashable published 'Healthy masculinity training' asks what it means to be a man of strength 15 mins ago  · comment (0)mashable published Facebook: Only 40% of the world has ever connected to the Internet 16 mins ago  · comment (0)mashable published Massachusetts man turns misery into profit by selling his excess snow 16 mins ago  · comment (0)mashable published Mary Poppins, practically heavy metal in every way 16 mins ago  · comment (0)mashable published What it's really like to run an 'Amazing Race' obstacle course 16 mins ago  · comment (0)wired.com published McLaren’s Latest Supercar Is a Stripped Down Track Warrior 16 mins ago  · comment (0)Huffington Post published When Are You Going to Have a Date With Yourself? 57 mins ago  · comment (0)Huffington Post published Florida Georgia Line Is Proud Of Taylor Swift For Testing Out A New Music Genre 57 mins ago  · comment (0)Huffington Post published This Pit Bull And Tortoise Are Here To Remind You That BFFs Come In All Shapes And Sizes 57 mins ago  · comment (0)Huffington Post published Fartners App Allows Strangers To Share Their Farts 57 mins ago  · comment (0)Huffington Post published Margot Robbie Is A Blooming Beauty In Sheer Floral Dress 57 mins ago  · comment (0)Huffington Post published That One Time Will Forte's Prank On Kenan Thompson Totally Backfired 57 mins ago  · comment (0)Huffington Post published Have We Already Solved the Student Debt Crisis? 58 mins ago  · comment (0)Huffington Post published Watch LeBron James Diss McDonald's, Then Remember They Pay Him 58 mins ago  · comment (0)Huffington Post published WATCH: Little Mix Secretly Drops a New Music Video and Song, 'Dreamin' Together' 58 mins ago  · comment (0)Huffington Post published Men, Catcalling Is Your Problem, Too 58 mins ago  · comment (0)Huffington Post published This Idea Has Kept Tens Of Thousands Out Of Emergency Rooms And Saved One State Millions Of Dollars 58 mins ago  · comment (0)Huffington Post published The President, The Governor and Pullman 58 mins ago  · comment (0)Huffington Post published From the Ivory Tower Kitchen: The Taste of Mathematics 58 mins ago  · comment (0)Huffington Post published Couple Quits Day Jobs, Builds Quaint, Tiny Home On Wheels To Travel The Country 59 mins ago  · comment (0)Huffington Post published Enough Distractions: Let's Address the Real Causes of Diet-Related Diseases 59 mins ago  · comment (0)mashable published This fake 'Birdman' action figure is the toy you wish you had as a kid 1 hour ago  · comment (0)mashable published Boom! Success Kid's mom sues fireworks company for using his image 1 hour ago  · comment (0)mashable published Vintage portraits at historically black Howard University, in 1946 1 hour ago  · comment (0) 







©2015 Oh Alright!



Terms and Conditions of Use / Privacy Policy 










 


Skip to toolbar


Log in 
Register 
  




Go back to top ↑




