Dale Napier - Writer 
Dale Napier - Writer
Dale Napier, Writer















































































Follow @WhiteHouseStorm

Follow @DaleNapierLV









												In this tribute to Seven Days in May, General "Stormy" Thornton plans a military coup over Iran policy 
												disagreements when he secretly discovers that President Charley Davidson has Alzheimer's.  When the coup turns 
												out to be Internet-based, Vice President Joan Queenan calls in a cyber commander, Colonel Sam Chin, to track down
												Stormy's plans.  
												
												With U.S. Army tanks threatening the White House and rogue nuclear-armed Navy destroyers threatening Tehran and 
												a Chinese fleet, Queenan and her allies struggle with the question, in an electronically integrated
												military that can be hacked, who controls the military?





Follow @DaleNapierLV

Follow @TaiChiYourLife











												BUY ON AMAZON







												TaiChiInYourLife.com


















												TaiChiMeditationsCD.com









Tai Chi Roots


Dec. 24, 2013



									In my new blog I connect the Roots mini-series to genealogy, history, 
									truth versus fiction, religious mythmaking, and the nature of truth versus 
									reality.  Somehow Tai Chi makes it into the mix -- 
									
									I'm not much for holiday TV fare, but today's showing of Roots, in all its flawed glory, 
									was special.  The show brings memories of thanks and of lessons learned about the study of 
									the history that we care about, our own.  At the end of the TV mini-series, when I learned 
									Roots was a story that emerged from Alex Haley's personal quest, I thought, if the 
									descendant of a slave can learn so much about his past, surely I can learn as much!

									

										Click here to continue.








Martial Arts:  Why Do We Train?


Nov. 11, 2013



									What is the purpose of martial arts: Fighting, preservation of a 
									historical culture, or character refinement? All are viable reasons, 
									depending on the practitioner's goals, but a small moment of training 
									recently illuminated a wide array of controversies and concerns in 
									the practice of martial arts today. I was invited to participate 
									in a black belt workshop in historical Japanese jujitsu. 										

										Click here to continue.









Are You Fit?


Oct. 31, 2013



									Are you fit? My friends and family think I am fit, 
									“especially for your age,” but for me, watching the Pumpkinman 
									Triathlon two weeks ago was Part Two of a wake-up call. 
									Part One happened the week before, when I participated in a black 
									belt jujitsu workshop in town.
										
										Click here to continue.

(Column reprinted by permission of the 
									Boulder City Review)
									








The Two Faces of Tai Chi


May 20, 2013



									Tai Chi Chuan evolved as a vigorous martial art between two hundred 
									and three hundred years ago - but now, throughout the world, it is 
									primarily known as a gentle exercise practiced by people with physical 
									shortcomings due to age, infirmity, or nature. Thus we have the 
									yang and the yin of Tai Chi, which embodies the Theory of Opposites. 
									
									Although I have trained extensively in external martial arts, after 
									a long personal struggle I yielded to my true nature, which lies 
									with Tai Chi. What has caused me even greater difficulty is accepting 
									the true nature of Tai Chi. Peter Wayne manages in his new book, 
									The Harvard Medical School Guide to Tai Chi, to strike a path 
									that helps point the way. Let me explain. 
										





										Click here to continue.
									




















													Extras for the Tai Chi practitioner who wants it all.
													










													Extra info for the truly Hacked Off.
													













															Tai Chi
															


															Essential #6:  Mind Over Matter
															


February 22, 2015



															Our next essential carries into all parts of your life: the idea that you must 
															use your mind to direct your actions.  To some this is a philosophical notion; to many 
															it remains an obvious truism though without obvious application to life; but 
															to those of us devoted to the study of tai chi chuan it is a governing 
															principle.  As such it is one of the easiest to echo, but one of the most 
															difficult to acquire.  Full acquisition means you 
															are stepping into the arena of advanced attainment.

															

															Read here about how to use your mind to direct your body.
															





															Brick Hand
															















															Health & Fitness
															


															Eat Meat: Feed Your Brain
															


February 19, 2015



															In my last column I highlighted the problems of overcoming established obesity. 
															 Diet will always be the main culprit in creating the problem, but we have good news 
															 from a survey of recent data in New Scientist magazine:  fresh meat does not have 
															 bad health consequences - not red meat, not any kind as long as it is fresh. 
															 Processed meats like sausage and bacon remain dangerous.  One study alone involved 
															 a half million Europeans in 10 countries, providing a database that is wide and deep.
															 

															For more information about the article read here.
















															Health & Fitness
															


															Get Fit While You Still Can
															


February 15, 2015



															A recent article by weight loss specialists in the journal
															The Lancet Diabetes and Endocrinology turns weight loss strategies on their 
															heads, at least for exercise advocates like me.  
															The implications for the long-term obese are 
															staggering even though they confirm what many already thought they knew:  once your obesity 
															settles in, your body will fight all attempts to go back to skinny. Forget diet programs, 
															hypnotherapy and even exercise:  your body is programmed to fight famine, and it can have 
															some funny strategies for that fight. Now what?
															
For more information read here.
















Are You Watching TV as Much as TV Watches You?
															
February 12, 2015




															If you knew that your smart TV's voice recognition system allowed the TV listen to 
															everything you said in the room, and sent it to unknown third parties, would you buy that TV? 
															A lot of consumers are counting on disabling the offending features, as Samsung has 
															recommended to its customers - but who knows if you're really disabling it?  And if you 
															do, you may be violating federal law.  Will Apple do any better with 
															its TV?  Doubtful.

For more information go to my Cyber page here.

















Who's Hacking Your Phone?
															
February 9, 2015




															We've learned in recent months that the FBI and NSA feel entitled to hack your 
															phones calls and text messages without a search warrant - because America isn't about
															freedom any more, right?  Wrong!
															Truth is, there are plenty of bad actors out there who can hack you with the same technique 
															of using a dummy relay station  for your phone, so even a Tea Party patriot 
															should be on the look out.  You can fight back with an 
															Android app, SnoopSnitch, available for free in the Google Play Store. 
															It only works on phones with the Qualcomm chipset, but other than than you're good to go.
															With SnoopSnitch you can snoop on the snoops, stalking those who are e-stalking 
															you.  And once you discover that going on, it may be time to buy a burner!
															
For more information go to my Cyber page here.














															Book Review
															


															Golden Son:  Red Rising Book II (Pierce Brown, 2015)
															


February 8, 2015



			Any sequel to a novel must navigate carefully between a tedious repeat of the first book's success and a departure so 
			great as to negate the value of a follow-on story.  Golden Son, Pierce Brown's second book in the trilogy begun with 
			Red Rising, walks this line carefully.  For the uninitiated, Red Rising begins the story of an attempted revolution against 
			Mars' oppressive caste system.  Mars' denizens die in the color-coded career caste to which they are born.  In this system the 
			lowest are the Reds, the miners of Mars, and 
			the highest are the Golds, the kings, princes, and generals constantly jockeying for power on Mars and throughout the solar system.  
															
															Read More.
															


























To Kill a Mucked-Up Book
															
February 6, 2015




															Fans of Harper Lee's To Kill a Mockingbird were surely heartened at first to 
															hear she has another book coming out in short order - a prequel to her first and only 
															book today.  As the details trickle in, though, a disturbing pattern emerges.
															
															To begin with, any writer knows that if they are sitting on a manuscript for 60 years - imagine that! - 
															there must be a good reason it never came out.  Lee, who is in cognitive decline, clearly did not make the 
															decision to release this book, which by all accounts has not been edited.
															
															I've heard a couple of versions of how Harper Lee came to get To Kill a Mockingbird published, but they come 
															down to this:  her editor thought her writing, which was episodic and story-based, needed a lot of work.  
															Supposedly this "new" novel was written before TKM - that would probably make it the early writing that her 
															first editor rejected.  From that we can conclude that Lee had good reason not to publish the work.  We won't know 
															until it is released, but it could well damage her literary repuation if that is the case.
															
															When an author's editor says he did not edit the book and only saw it after it was ready for publication, that's 
															a bad sign.  I hope for Lee's sake this matter gets sorted out properly.  Sadly, in this case that probably means 
															not publishing at all.
															
															For more info read 
															
															Don't Publish Harper Lee's New Novel, HarperCollins
															.
															













															Book Review
															


															A Mad Catastrophe: The Outbreak of World War I and the Collapse of the Habsburg Empire, Geoffrey Wawro (2014)
															


January 23, 2015



															In the last year we have passed many one-century milestones marking the beginning of 
															World War I, known then as The Great War.  That 
															decade was a remarkable time, resulting in the fall or reconfiguration of many dynasties 
															and empires - the fall of the Habsburgs, 
															the Ottomans, the Russian tsars, the Manchurian rulers of China, and the first German reich; 
															the decline of British influence; and 
															the rise of America as a world power.  The Italians and Ethiopians were affected, but 
															to a lesser extent.  The realignments 
															that followed, including continued Chinese weakness during its brief flirtation 
															with democracy, led to the rise of the Japanese 
															empire.  To all but the most dedicated history buff, not to mention quite a few 
															historians, the Eastern origins of World War I have long 
															remained a mystery ...
															
															Read More.
															
































															Tai Chi
															


															Essential #4 - Full and Empty
															


January 20, 2015



															Our new essential has a couple of unusual characteristics. Its martial aspect is far 
															more obvious than its energetic aspect.  This essential is also the first that is 
															difficult for many beginners to understand.  Sometimes that is the result of their 
															teachers' own inability to put the concept into words, but we can remedy that 
															problem.  Let's take a look.															
															

															Read More.
															






															Yang Cheng-fu's Single Whip
															










Shop Amazon Sports - New & Notable Fitness Gear
Shop Amazon - Tax Central - All You Need in One Location
Shop Amazon - TurboTax - Get 10% more on Top of Your Federal Refund 
















															Hacking Updates
															


January 16, 2015



															When a foreign terrorist organization can hack the U.S. military at its highest levels, 
															what form of insanity allows the American public to continue trusting The Cloud, smartphones, 
															and tab computers as if nothing is wrong?  Now we're learning that instead of being 
															hackproof, the iPhone's fingerprint technology is more vulnerable than a pet name password. 
															And once its hacked, unlike a password, it cannot be changed!  Apple has jumped the shark.
															More cyber threats are appearing by the hour, so stay tuned 
															to the Cyper Page.
															

ISIS Hacks the U.S. Central Command
Founder of McAfee Software Hacks Stuart Varney Live on TV
Airline Internet Connections Designed for Hacking
Your Christmast Gadgets are All Hackable
Congress, Military Worry about a Cyber Pearl Harbor
















															Tai Chi
															


															Feedback - Essentials 1-3
															


January 13, 2015



															Last month I began a series of columns starting with the general question, 
															does Tai Chi have standards?  From there 
															I proceeded to write individual columns about each of Yang Cheng-fu's 
															Tai Chi "essentials".  Three columns into it and 
															I've already accumulated enough feedback to pause and recap 
															what has been said.  To put these comments in context, I publicize each 
															column heavily on two Twitter feeds, 
															
@DaleNapierLV and 
															
@TaiChiYourLife.  The tweets are deliberately provocative 
															in the hope of drawing readers and comments.  And it works!  I generally 
															agree with the comments I received, but would like to add some 
															footnotes to emphasize the basic points of each column.
															

															Read More.
															




















Tai Chi Redux:  Relax the Waist
															
January 7, 2015




															In my latest column I discuss the tai chi essential ingredient to loosen the waist. 
															Today I ran across a new column in Black Belt Magazine that emphasizes the same point but 
															at much greater length, in much greater detail.  It's called 
															

															"Generate More Power In Your Punches Using This Traditional Kung Fu Training Method"
															.
															
															
															In my next column I will examine the Twitter responses to these columns and the 
															tweets I used to promote them.
															













															Tai Chi
															


															Essential #3:  Relax the Waist
															


January 3, 2015




															A key secret to the power of Shotokan karate is the use of the hip in completing 
															a punch, often a reverse punch.  Most karateka and taekwondo students are taught this 
															hip movement, but many beginners find it unconvincing because their teachers cannot 
															explain why.  If you know about the use of the hip in karate, without an understanding 
															of why you use it, you will find it tough to separate from the idea of 
															using your waist, 
															not your hip, in tai chi.  If you have no karate background you will not have 
															this problem; instead other problems will emerge.
															
															Put your hip into the karate punch because the angular momentum arising from the twist 
															will provide last-minute acceleration to the punch, increasing the force (force 
															equals mass times acceleration).  In tai chi our punching power is derived by 
															totally different methods, so our use of the waist has different reasons as well.
															
															Read More.
															






















Holiday Hacking Updates
January 2, 2015




															The Sony hacking story is morphing by the minute, but there is more, such as how 
															to hack the iPhone thumbprint.  Here are the highlights of today's additions 
															to the Cyper Page.
															

iPhone Thumbprint Easy to Hack
Obama Applies Sanctions to N. Korea
N.Korea May Have Hired Outside Hackers
Xbox, Playstation Hacked by 'Lizard Squad'
JPMorgan Hackers Used Neglected Server



















Happy New Year!  Have you been Hacked Yet?
															
January 1, 2015




															Three quick thoughts about going to see The Interview as a way to support 
															freedom of speech and to thumb our noses at Kim Jong-Un.
															
1. The Interview is a terrible ambassador for free speech.  This bumbling 
															comedy wannabee would never have been noticed if not for this controversy.  If you 
															want to support free speech and come out of the theater feeling uplifted instead 
															of dirtied, 
															

go see Selma instead.
															


2. If you went to see the movie to show Kim Jong-Un he could not tell you what 
															to do, you failed.  He coerced you into seeing a bad movie.  Your bad!
															
3. North Korea may not even be behind the hack attack on Sony.
															A prominent computer security firm has reported to the FBI that the job was 
															performed by Sony ex-employees working with piracy hackers.  Word is the so-called 
															Guardians of Peace 
															is turning its attention to other targets, which could be an indicator that it's 
															not KJU after all.
															













															Tai Chi
															


															Essential #2:  Sink the Chest, Raise the Back
															


December 26, 2014



															The second essential, regarding the posture of the chest and back, carries another 
															"anti boot camp" element:  instead of puffing the chest out in a show of macho 
															posturing, the chest is hollowed inward.  Digging deeper, we discover that 
															this principle has energetic as well as physical goals.
															

															Click here to learn about the physical and energetic aspects of this 
															tai chi essential.
															




















If Castro was a loony as Kim Jong-un, could this movie have been made?







															Politics
															


															Cuba Libre
															


December 22, 2014



															The first time I took part in a debate about American recognition of a foreign 
															power, the year was 1968, I was barely a teen, and 
															my soldier dad was furious at the notion that we establish diplomatic relations 
															with China, a Communist country.  
															He and I argued about Communism and freedom as we watched on TV the Chicago police 
															riot on the streets outside the Democratic National Convention.														
															

															Click here to find out about recognizing China and Cuba.
															














															Tai Chi
															


															Essential #1:  Crown Up
															


December 18, 2014



Yang Cheng-fu's first "main point" of tai chi describes the posture of the head and 
															neck.  The ramifications are physical but also energetic.  If you miss this principle you 
															will never get far in your tai chi practice.
															
Tai chi scholar Douglas Wile in his book Tai Chi Touchstones: Yang Family Secret 
															Touchstones, translates Cheng-fu's description as follows:
															

															Click here to find out tai chi's first requirement.
															




Location of Bai Hui (crown point)
















															Books
															


															Sci-Fi Book Notes
															


December 14, 2014




															I read a lot and rarely take breaks for book reviews.  Many books I read are 
															throwaway thrillers, read to study my craft; they deserve little mention.  But others, 
															such as true literature, special science fiction and non-fiction, are worthy of at 
															least a note.  Let's play catch up with a few:  
															
															

At the Mountains of Madness
Red Rising
The Three-Body Problem



															Click to continue reading about the latest in hard sci-fi.
															













															Tai Chi
															


															The Essence of Tai Chi
															


December 8, 2014



															What is tai chi chuan?  We must ask this question with tact because it is a 
															sensitive matter.  A lot of exercise passes as tai chi that probably 
															is not, often taught by people who have no idea what tai chi is.  At the same time 
															many advanced practitioners hold opposing views about 
															what tai chi is or is not, and what it should or should not be. Chen style 
															practitioners famously advocate tai chi's martial methods, 
															although they are not alone.  Others claim exactly the opposite, that tai chi was 
															never, or at least should not be, a martial art.  
															This is easy to understand among those who have never been taught martial methods, 
															which is increasingly common.  Others conduct 
															classes in sitting tai chi, or wheelchair tai chi.  Who is right and who is wrong?  
															More importantly, is there even a right or wrong?  Does anything go?
															

															Click here to find out whether tai chi is a "to each his own" art.
															



The Yin and Yang of Tai Chi











Stogie Memorial Bracelet





															Tai Chi
															


															Do you Tinkle when you Tai Chi?
															


November 22, 2014




															Do you tinkle when you Tai Chi?  For the last month I have practiced with my late dog 
															Stogie's collar on my wrist, in his memory.  The collar has two aluminum tags that used to 
															tinkle when he walked, so I always had a good idea what he was up to without having 
															to look.  When I started wearing the Stogie Memorial Bracelet I was both comforted 
															and saddened by the familiar sound of the tinkle. Within a few sessions, however, 
															I realized a deeper truth:  the better my practice, the less the tinkle.  
															

															Click to continue reading about the Tai Chi Tinkle.
															













															Culture
															


															Are You In Denial?
															


November 14, 2014




															My recent novel White House Storm features Zumwalt-class destroyers being controlled 
															remotely by a hacker. The book is a little ahead of its time because our three Zumwalt 
															destroyers are not yet operational, but another exotic weapon I depict in the book, an 
															Active Denial System, has been available for ten years. Sometimes it is called a 
															heat ray because it works by heating the skin with an electromagnetic beam at 
															95 GHz. By comparison a microwave oven works at 2.45 GHz. ADS penetrates 1/64" into the 
															skin, while a microwave penetrates 2/3". How does it work?
															

															Click to continue reading about Active Denial and Sonic Cannons.
															



Active Denial System mounted on a Humvee



















															Tai Chi
															


															Tai Chi and Music
															


November 9, 2014




															Almost five years ago I wrote a blog called 
															Invest in Silence, 
															about the importance of eschewing music and other entertainments during our tai chi practice.  I recommend you 
															read it first 
															to lay the ground work for what I say next.
															
															Stillness is the essence of what we seek in tai chi as well as meditation, though it is less obvious with tai chi, a 
															physical exercise 
															of movement.  Since music is energetic and generates non-stillness, it is difficult acquire deep focus while 
															musical or video distractions are at hand.  That said, it would not be tai chi if an absolute could so easily be spoken with truth.
															Let's dig a little deeper.

															Click to continue reading about investing and uninvesting in silence.
															













															Science
															


															SpaceShip Down Redux
															


November 7, 2014




															Last week I made some fleeting and confused references to the week's two 
															space-related tragedies, and a few folks objected.  Fair enough!  I doubt we have any 
															real differences, but they called me out in how I presented my message, so let me 
															start over.
															
															Media pundits have tried to characterize the two tragedies as a one-two punch to the civilian
															space program.  In reality they were two very different events.  Neither will be long 
															lasting, but the recoveries will be quite different.  Let's start with the manned mission of 
															Virgin Galactic, which justifiably received the bulk of the attention,
															 and then work back to the Antares explosion, which was 
															unmanned and different in many other ways.

															Click to continue reading about space touristry and swarms of space telescopes.
															




SpaceShip Two in the Mohave Desert



Arkyd 3 (height 12")













Bruce Wayne



Abel Teller






TV Childhood Traumas
October 27, 2014




															We all know that deprivation or trauma in early childhood can leave a child with a warped emotional
															and value system for the rest of his/her life.  Now in ultra-violent cable TV shows we are 
															seeing directors honestly playing out child-centered story arcs 
															that result from the bad deeds that their 
															daddies do, or that the daddies are victims of as well.  We saw it first on Dexter, when 
															Dexter Morgan's toddler was witness to the brutal bathtub slaying of his mother, 
															playing out a 
															scene not much different from Dexter's own childhood - which lead to Dexter becoming a 
															serial killer.  With that ghost haunting us, who else might be lurking?
															
Bruce Wayne, obviously.  He saw not one but both parents gunned down in cold blood.
															Coming from a wealthy, entitled and otherwise idyllic childhood, we can assume the jolt was
															sharper than was Dexter's or his son's.  Increasingly in the Gotham episodes we find the
															adolescent boy obsessed with crime in Gotham, obsessed with identifying gangs, 
															gang leaders, and killers - 
															and uncovering the political and financial muscle who enable them.  Inevitably he
															realizes the culpability of 
															Wayne Enterprises itself, now a billion-dollar football for any captain who can gain control of the 
															ball.  This story line threatens to become highly unrealistic in its handling of business - comic 
															bookish, one might say, as more of a criticism than a recognition - because Bruce's 
															"butler" and presumed foster father, Alfred Pennyworth, seems to know things only an executive 
															would know.
															
															As usual the most brutal work is saved for Sons of Anarchy.  While the gang members and 
															their rivals blow each other way in machine gun battles and far worse, SAMCRO President Jax Teller's 
															son Abel is quietly absorbing and reacting to the violence surrounding him.  
															He sees everyone around 
															him violated or killed, including his mother; at one point he (3 years old?  4?) tries to stand 
															guard to defend his 
															sleeping baby brother Thomas, wielding a hammer with a vengeance - 
															not because he was crazy but because he correctly perceived that they were all in danger all 
															the time.  The crushing blow came this week when 
															Abel overheard his grandmother, the psychotic SAMCRO den mother who killed his mother, secretly 
															confess her crime to baby Thomas, not knowing Abel was listening.  Now Abel knows her secret, 
															which surely will point us to the end of the series:  
															anyone who knows anything about young children know that they can 
															never keep secrets, especially big ones. That bright light up ahead?  
															It's a train headed straight our way.  Stand to one side and watch a terrible calamity.
															










												Books
												


												Heinlein, Scientology, and Star Trek
												


October 23, 2014



												Recently I wrote two pieces about what interested me most in William Patterson's two-volume 
												biography of Robert Heinlein:  his connection to L. Ron Hubbard, founder of Scientology, 
												and his connection to Star Trek. Here they are together - not exactly a book review, but I 
												rarely find another writer's life interesting enough to merit a biography:  
												
Heinlein's Trouble with Tribbles, and Heinlein, Hubbard, and Scientology.
												


















										On the Bookshelf
									

Reading Now:


Les Miserables, Victor Hugo (1862)
The Curve, Nicholas Lovell (2013)
Superintelligence, Nick Bostrom (2014)


On the Bookshelf:


Thus Spoke Zarusthustra, Friedrich Nietzsche (1959)
Yoga, Youth and Reincarnation, by Jess Stearn (1965)
Rosshalde, Hermann Hesse (1954)
Mirror of Modern Democracy: A History of the Democratic Party, 1825-1861 (1863)
Consumed, David Cronenberg (2014)
Man's Search for Meaning, by Viktor Frankl (1959)










									Writing
									


									Self-Publishing Rises
									


October 19, 2014
















																		Writers' conferences are a great idea in concept, but until last weekend I never attended 
																		one that satisfied, the key metrics being time and money. Is it a coincidence that the 
																		Indie Recon Live, which might also be called the Western Self-Published Writers 
																		Conference, had not a single workshop on how to right good, I mean, write well?
																		
																		Probably not.  Self-published writers are torn between two worlds.  
																		

																		Click here to read more about the rise of the self-published writers' conference.
																	



















October 18, 2014



												Today I'm heading out to the Vegas Valley Book Festival, 
												which will feature a variety of workshops through the day on writing and publishing topics. The festival will be in and around
												The Historic Fifth Street School, which is, curiously, at 401 S. Fourth St.  I hope to attend:
												
10 a.m. - The Personal Essay in an Oversharing World (Reader's Tent)
11 a.m. - Vegas Writes: Lost & Found in Las Vegas: What the City Hides and What it Reveals (Auditorium)
11:30 a.m. - Someone Else's Story: A Writing and Editing Workshop (Room 125)
12:15 a.m. - Fiction: West of Eden (Auditorium)
2 p.m. - Publishing Options: What Writers Need to Know (Reader's Tent)
3 p.m. - Media in a Digital Age (Room 125)
4 p.m. - Closing Keynote by Aimee Bender (Auditorium)

												If you drop in, stop me and say hi - I'll be the guy with 
												


												the teal colored travel vest with 20 pockets.












Oswald Cobblepot





October 17, 2014



												Tv Update:  
												
Gotham continues to be of interest.  The character development of the 
												strange Oswald Cobblepot, aka Penguin is the first realistic treatment of thie character I
												have ever seen: the Tim Burton (Danny DeVito) and TV (Burgess Meredith) versions were a sick joke.  
												
												This young man brings 
												the idea of Penguin to life.  Meanwhile, young Bruce Wayne continues to develop in a brash, 
												iconoclastic manner typical of neither his age nor class.  What strange ideas lurk in this boy's mind?
												
												On 
Sons of Anarchy the body count continues to rise as Jemma's killing of Tara has consequences far 
												beyond anyone's imagining - with the exception of producer 
												
Kurt Sutter, of course. This week we had 
												a fakeout death for Jemma.  How long can we put up with such nonsense?  The depopulation of 
												northern California will continue for seven weeks, to be precise.
												












October 16, 2014



												Today I have a smattering of items... first off, Ebola.  Doctors around the country are adamant:
												Get your flu shot!.  It won't help with Ebola, but flu kills thousands of people each year.  As we 
												get older, we become more susceptible to the ravages of influenza.  The #1 thing you can do to 
												protect your health right now is to get a flu shot. Don't use the Ebola scare as an excuse to ignore 
												ordinary health precautions.
												
												Today begins the Vegas Valley Book Festival, 
												continuing through Saturday.  Like most such festivals it favors 
												outside celebrities over local writers, who have trouble getting involved. Nonetheless there is a chance you will 
												find a lecture or other event you find interesting or useful.  I'm going to find out if there is a way to get 
												a foot in the door for next year's event.  Click here to
												see the main Saturday event schedule.

												As I mentioned earlier, the Indie Recon Live event for self-publishers
												in Salt Lake City set a standard that bears copying around the country.  Watch here for a full blog on the rise of 
												self-publishing.  Is it an all or nothing proposition?  Can you self-publish as well as go traditional?  We have a 
												lot of ground to cover starting with the question, When should you make the leap?.
												


























									Culture
									


									Dale's Doggies Die
									


October 15, 2014













Stogie's Regal Pose



																		What is it about dogs that make them so special to us?  My family always had dogs and cats 
																		when I was growing up, so I took dogs for granted.  As a Cub Scout I once read six dog 
																		books in a week, until my mother tried to put a stop to my obsessive-compulsive reading 
																		tendencies that emerged right around that time.  But I never had a dog as an adult, mostly 
																		due to living in apartments, I thought, because I would not have a dog without a yard.  As 
																		I dig into my own psyche, I wonder if the reasons go deeper.
																		
																		This year, living and working alone in a house in a small, desolate town in the middle of a harsh 
																		desert, I decided to get a dog for company.
																		

																		Click here to read more about Stogie, Kuno, and the rest.


















October 14, 2014



												With this redesign of the website I begin journalling with daily entries.  I will continue to write the column-length 
												articles I have been calling blogs in addition to the day to day insights.
												
Sunday, Oct. 12 I returned from the 

												Indie Recon Live 
												in Salt Lake city.  IRL was a self-published writers' conference, live 
												for the first time; the first two years were online only.  This was a great start with 300 people and dozens of workshops: expect it 
												to be an annual event, possibly 
												in a couple of different regions.  For the self-published writer, ordinary writers' conferences are a waste of time and 
												money.  IRL overcame both problems handily.
												
												It ended in tragedy with the hit-and-run death of my dog and best friend, Stogie, outside Salt Lake City.
											












									Culture
									


									The Science Isn't Settled:  
									
									Five Sayings That Will Always Make You Sound Stupid
									


October 6, 2014












																	I like word play as much as the next guy, probably more, but a handful of sayings have crept 
																	into the language in recent years that try the patience of anyone who believes that words have 
																	meaning.  Even allowing for the plasticity of English, there are limits to reasonable 
																	flexibility.  Let's examine the top five that really get my goat.  Do you have some of your 
																	own?  Let me know.
																	
																	Click here to learn five sayings that will always make you sound stupid.
																	















									Culture/TV
									


									This Week on Cable 
									


October 3, 2014













Gotham:  New kid on the block



																		As I finish launching the publication of White House Storm and move into my final edit of the sequel, Queen Joan, I'm reading less 
																		and turning to current cable TV more for inspiration.  Such a wild and woolly scene it has become!  Soon it will be all but impossible to recall 
																		the days of childhood in the 1950s and 1960s, when TV was so timid that Jack Parr was forced to leave The Tonight Show for making an oblique 
																		reference to a "water closet" - a popular euphemism of his day for speaking of a room with a toilet.  Today we call them bathrooms 
																		(or "half-baths"), which is funny because water closet is actually more accurate.
																		
																		I'm going to try my hand at a short weekly blog with comments on the events and prospects for my favorite shows.  This week we 
																		have a lot to talk about starting with a Jump-the-Shark episode for the Season 4 premiere of Homeland.
																		
																		Click here to read more about Homeland, Sons of Anarchy, Hell on Wheels, and Gotham.















									Politics
									


									A Crippled Presidency
									


September 2, 2014
















																		Who runs the government when the president is incapacitated?  The easy answer is the 
																		vice president, as Acting President under the 25th Amendment to the Constitution, but 
																		suppose there is debate over whether he (or she) is truly incapacitated.  Suppose, like 
																		Ronald Reagan in his second term, his cognitive impairment is border line, "manageable".  
																		Suppose the Cabinet is split down the middle over the issue.  What happens?   
																		Basically, nothing.  But what happens when the President's confidantes start scheming 
																		to take advantage of the situation?
																		
																		That actually happened once at a critical time for American in world history.  																		
																		

																		Click here to read about the Cowardly Vice President.

















									Writing
									


									Self-Publishing Emerges
									


August 25, 2014
















																		Are you are considering the self-publishing route for your book?  If so what's holding you back?  For some, it might be the cost; for others, 
																		it might be the overwhelming desire to see their books on the shelf of bookstores, before they all close down; but for most, I suspect, 
																		the problem is that they don't want to become publishers.  They don't need the hassle.  They just want to write, and see their writing 
																		in print.  I can sympathize.
																		
																		Five years ago I was hunting for a publisher for my then-new book ...
																		

																		Click here to read my blog on Self-Publishing.

















									Culture/TV
									


									The Tyrant of Cable
									


August 14, 2014
















																		The last decade of cable TV has seen remarkable growth, perhaps more than we want or need, 
																		given The Walking Dead and The Strain.  As shows like The Sopranos, The 
																		Shield, Breaking Bad, Dexter, 24 and soon Sons of Anarchy literally die off, 
																		we are seeing new suspenseful thrillers with high octane but more implied than actual 
																		violence - shows like Homeland, The Americans, and now Tyrant.  All have an 
																		overseas tie-in that help leaven the stories.
																		

																		Click here to read my blog on The Tyrant of Cable.

















									Cyber
									


									Metawriting
									


August 14, 2014
















																		My interest in reading about the subject of writing was a long time coming; my interest in writing 
																		on the subject is even more of a late arrival.  Over the years I plugged away, not with great 
																		consistency, but enough to realize at long last that the problem is the writers as well as the reader. 
																		
																		In time the situation has improved, with noteworthy gems emerging. My recent favorites are ...
																		

																		Click here to read my latest blog on Metawriting.

















									Cyber
									


									Hacking the Weapons
									


August 8, 2014










															Reports of large-scale cyber hacking have become so common that the latest round - of 1,200,000,000 
															user names and passwords from 400,000 websites, for an average of a mere 3,000 per website - still 
															fails to feel like the wake-up call that our Internet-addicted society needs if it is to survive a 
															real cyber war.  
															
															Three months ago I thought perhaps a TV show like 24, depicting what happens when a terrorist 
															group hacks a fleet of drones, then uses them for international blackmail and mass murder, would 
															serve the purpose.  Then I realized we've become too put off by the psychochotic behavior of Kiefer 
															Sutherland's Jack Bauer to take it seriously either, even though tens of thousands of lives 
															were putatively at stake.  
															
															Consider instead the stories of real-life drone hacking ...
															

															Click here to continue.














									Culture
									


									Comics Begin
									


August 1, 2014












															Hollywoodland is growing stale from the success of its comic book movies, enough that there is reason for concern even if you are an uber-fan 
															like me. To get right with it all, I have to return to my roots. My earliest memory of comic books comes from 1963, the year I turned nine.
															  Going through the checkout line at the Carswell Air Force Base commissary I spied a silver anniversary special issue of Superman, which 
															  my mom surprised me by buying.  Supes was 25 that year, a number that would have seemed impossibly old except Mom was already a whopping 30.
															
															Later that year I discovered a Fantastic Four comic at a local pharmacy, #24, a story about "The Infant Terrible", an alien infant with 
															unimaginably catastrophic powers.  Even then I had a discerning eye for narrative consistency and could see no way that Reed Richards could 
															concoct an intergalactic communications device that would, first time out, work perfectly to contact the infant's parents across countless light 
															years. 
															

															Click here to continue.














									Politics
									


									Who Will Challenge Hillary?
									


June 26, 2014










															Remember President Muskie?  Yes, former Senator Edmund Muskie of Maine, Hubert Humphrey's running mate in the near-miss 1968 election against Richard Nixon 
															and Spiro Agnew.  By 1970 the media and Democratic intelligentsia had all but crowned Muskie President, a sure thing who could not be challenged.
															  It was too soon after Chappaquiddick for Ted Kennedy to run, and few wanted to face the long odds of challenging a strong incumbent President like Nixon.  
															  Muskie was to be the Democrats' Great White Hope.
															
															But reality stepped in.  During the campaign for the New Hampsire primary, Muskie and his wife were attacked personally by the Manchester 
															Union-Leader newspaper, New Hampshire's primary media outlet.  At a press conference, Muskie wept real tears (later claimed to be snowflakes), 
															offended by attacks on his wife.  His reputation for calm and composure was shattered.  He would 
															have lost fewer votes if he had simply shot the right-wing owner, but in any event he was finished, and Humphrey himself had to run to stave off the McGovern 
															challenge.  Humphrey lost to the best-organized campaign since his defeat by Jack Kennedy's primary romp in 1960.  Humphrey was a well meaning but 
															fuzzy-headed liberal who believed in spending but not counting.  George McGovern and his campaign manager, future Colorado Senator Gary Hart, were counters.
															
															Now we have Hillary Clinton, crowned the presumptive nominee and President by today's equivalent of the same media-political intelligentsia who anointed Muskie.
															

															Click here to continue.














									Culture
									


									Reading the Movies, Part III
									


June 20, 2014










															A while back I began a three-part series on Books That Made the Movies - best-selling books 
															that became movies.  Typically we readers see the book before the show, such as my early 
															reading of the Dexter series, and our expectations are set accordingly.  Some movies, however,
															I have read only after the fact.  My reflections on both versions are much different for the 
															change in order.  For my final set of books I have not full reviews or 
															even mini-reviews, but reflections of the differences or similarities I found most striking.
															
Stepford Wives * Six Days of the Condor *
															The Boys From Brazil * The Other * First Blood * Chiefs


															Click here to continue.














									Politics
									


									Character Matters
									


June 10, 2014










															Today is the Primary Day in Nevada. In this campaign cycle I have seen behavior that defies
															all reason, but that's par for the course in politics. Conservatives and liberals trade
															places, and beds, with an abandon that would make Alfred Kinsey blush.  Over the years I've
															come to realize that issues come and go; they change in form and substance.  From the time
															of a campaign to the time the elected takes office, much can change that substantially
															alters the point of view that a candidate might need to take on an issue.  The final
															legislation will certainly be crafted with different wording from that posed on the
															campaign trail.
															
															Consequently, the only reliable barometer for behavior in office is character.  Look inside
															a candidate's character to see how they will behave when issues arise that are different
															from what arose during the campaign.  Look inside to see how they will respond under pressure.
															Character can be measured on many levels, as noted by the saying that "an honest politician
															is one who stays bought."
															

															Click here to continue.















									Tai Chi
									


									Tai Chi and Balance, Western Style
									


May 28, 2014











															As a young student I mistakenly believed that centering was a mental-spiritual idea and
															nothing more. As a result one of my earliest important "light bulb" moments came when I realized
															that balance is first physical. From physical balance can arise mental balance, and from mental
															balance can emerge spiritual balance. I say "can" because more work is needed after achieving
															physical balance, but by taking the first step you make the later steps possible.
															

															Click here to continue.














									Culture/Las Vegas
									


									Trafficking in Las Vegas
									


May 16, 2014





												The meet took place at dusk, on the far west side north of Summerlin.  Our only communications had been by
												text message, where I found out more about what I was getting, how much it would cost me, and where to
												get it.  I plugged the street address into Android Maps and left Boulder City for a 100-mile introduction
												to a vice I never knew existed.
												
												Arriving at the address, I was dismayed to discover it was a convenience store set on a pad in a large
												shopping center.  Now I wondered whether I would leave unsatisfied.  After a couple of quick text messages
												confirmed our cars' descriptions, soon she pulled up next to me in her car.  
												

												Click here to continue.










Book Review
									

Six Amendments, by John Paul Stevens
									

May 5, 2014










												Lately politicians and pundits have been piling on with proposals to amend the Constitution.  Particularly curious is the phenomenon of
												activists who show their support for the Constitution by demanding that we change it.  Last year we were inflicted
												with the ranting of conservative talk show host Mark Levin (The Liberty Amendments, 2013).  More recently we have Philip K.
												Howard (The Rule of Nobody, 2014), who wants to break government deadlocks by giving the President the power of a dictator.
												






												Into this fray steps retired Supreme Court Justice John Paul Stevens, with his new book Six Amendments.  Compared to the
												aforementioned politicos Stevens steps gingerly indeed, with proposals couched in legal nuance.  Consequently he wields far more
												authority through care and diligence than the others achieve through bluster. 
	
												

												Click here to continue.










Book Review: Flash Boys, by Michael Lewis


April 24, 2014



									I remember that day in October 1987 when the stock market crashed.  Since
									I was not in the market at the time, I stood outside the event, watching,
									wondering if this would lead to another depression as it had almost 60 years before.
									I was young with a wife and child, financially unprepared, and completely at the
									mercy of what was to come.
									
									I got lucky:  Neither depression nor recession were in the cards, but the crash
									did lead to clumsy attempts by the Securities and Exchange Commission to shelter
									small time investors from the effects of such events.  Those attempts in turn
									led to a federally mandated computerized trading system that foreshadowed the
									Rise of the Programmers.
									

									Click here to continue.








Culture: The Full Life at 60
									

April 17, 2014



									By Chinese standards, I have lived a full life: Today I am 60 years old. I was born in a Year of the Wooden Horse,
									which comes around once every 60 years – and here we are again, Year of the Wooden Horse. I am a true Trojan. For you Westerners, my
									birthstone is diamond, so the perfect gift would be a wooden horse stuffed with diamonds instead of soldiers. “Full life”? What the heck
									is that all about?
									

									Click here to continue.








Culture: Las Vegas v. Houston, Part II


Feb. 16, 2014



									I have committed one of the greatest sins available to me in Sin City, which is saying a lot 
									in a place that markets debauchery in all available extremes.  Worse yet, I have done it in 
									the Sinless Suburb, Boulder City, which allows neither casinos nor liquor stores:  I have planted grass.
									
										Click here to continue.











Book Review
									

Double Down: Game Change 2012									
									Feb. 13, 2014



									A great deal of my early political interest as a teenager was stimulated by Theodore White's 
									Making of the President series of books, for the elections of 1960 through 1976.  
									I still have my original copy of the 1972 edition, and recently re-read the premier book 
									covering John Kennedy's razor-thin victory over Richard Nixon.
									The two Game Change books are nothing like The Making of the President books.  Both 
									are good in their own ways.									
									
										Click here to continue.








Culture:  Boulder City Tomorrow


Jan. 22, 2014



									What will Boulder City look like tomorrow, next year, next decade?  Will 
									it successfully continue its steady-state, slow-slow-growth policy, or will 
									it be forced to adapt to changing times?  Does the shuttering of the 
									Goatfeathers consignment empire reflect an economic decline of our community, 
									or is it just part of the ups and downs of all small towns? Forty years I saw 
									my newly-adopted community of Austin, Texas, facing similar concerns under 
									drastically different circumstances.  									
									
										Click here to continue.








Book Review: Ike's Bluff


Jan. 6, 2014



									The popular image of President Eisenhower, which he cultivated, was that of 
									a genial golfing grandpa who hung out but did little.  This image is crushed 
									by Evan Thomas' new work, which depicts Ike as an active, aggressive, egocentric
									leader who did everything himself because he felt he was most capable. In 
									most cases, he was probably right.
									
									Ike was a bluffer in bridge and poker, but not so much so in foreign policy.
									In that regard the book's title is a bit disingenuous, but in any case this 
									works informs on many fronts.
									
									
										Click here to continue.








My top blogs of 2013 


Jan. 1, 2014




									Area 51 and Roswell
									


									World Tai Chi Day
									


									Trust is a Tricky Thing
									


									Tai Chi Roots
									


									The Two Faces of Tai Chi
									







Culture: The Bad Boys of Cable TV


Dec. 20, 2013



									With one down for the count and two KO's, this year's bad boys of cable TV - 
									Jax, Dex, and Walt - have left us breathless in anticipation of what new 
									anti-heroes may be lurking around the corner.
									
									Tony Soprano and Vic Mackey (The Shield) were bad boys and soulless killers, but now we know they were just warm-up acts for true evil, the kind that lures not by repulsing, but by drawing you in with an intimacy rarely seen outside the boudoir or the abattoir.
									
										Click here to continue.








Culture: Conspiracy Theories


Dec. 2, 2013



									I never heard of a conspiracy theory before President Kennedy was 
									assassinated. No doubt they existed before - no doubt someone knew how 
									Julius Caesar was really killed, 
									and certainly the Lincoln Conspiracy 
									continues to draw enthusiasts - but they never went mainstream until 
									the 20th century's first pop-culture political superstar died under 
									unusual circumstances. In the last 50 years they have proliferated 
									like mushrooms in cow patties.  
									
										Click here to continue.








Culture: The Late, Great Johnny Ace


Nov. 22, 2013



									Jack Kennedy learned to live with death from an early age.  Like many second sons, 
									he was a pale shadow of his older brother, who was named for their father and bred 
									for the presidency from an early age.  He was frail and of ill health; even during 
									college special arrangements were required to make it possible to keep up with 
									studies while spending extensive time in the hospital, where he almost died.  Only 
									Joe Junior's premature death pushed him into the family limelight.  He was so thin, 
									so fragile, that he looked like a kid until his late thirties, when cortisone shots 
									filled him out and gave him a seeming appearance of newly found maturity.
									None of this was public knowledge on the day he died.  
									
										Click here to continue.








Movin', Movin', Movin'


Oct. 8, 2013



									As a Born Drafted kid who had to lose his friends and start over 
									whenever the military decided to jerk his father’s chain, I tired of 
									moving by the time I was fifteen.  As an adult my feelings have 
									changed:  I have found the most exciting changes in my life have come 
									from moving.  Moving, I have discovered, contains a metaphysical 
									component at least as important as the geographic component.
									


										Click here to continue.







Culture:  Longevity Lessons


July 23, 2013



									A long time ago I read an Isaac Asimov story portraying a future society with human life spans extended by several centuries.  The effect on society was to slow social and scientific progress in equal proportion:  Feeling no rush, people took their time.
									
									Further adding to the problem was the fact that children could no longer look forward to the deaths of their parents, which can be a key event in freeing people to become themselves.  Nothing turned over; nothing changed.  Estates were not inherited; offices were not succeeded to.  Civilization stagnated.
									
									Although the average life expectancy is still twenty percent less than a century, we can already see some of the social effects that Asimov projected with such prescience.  The problems caused are hardly devastating, but they are telling.  And growing.  In the case of the institution of marriage, much suffering occurs.
									

										Click here to continue.







Culture: Reading the Movies, Part II (June 22,2013)


										Click here to read about Gladiator, Invasion of the Body
										Snatchers, Psycho, To Kill a Mockingbird, and Seven Days in May.






Culture: Trust is a Tricky Thing (June 4, 2013)

									Click here to read about Frank Abagnale, the subject of the hit movie
									Catch Me If You Can.
									
























			Send mail to 
			
			dalenapierwriter@hotmail.com with
			questions or comments about this web site.
			Copyright © 2011-2015 MasterSoft Media LLC





